negative," - Awww, that's a bummer.  You shoulda got David Carr of Third Day to do it. ;D"
negative,is upset that he can't update his Facebook by texting it... and might cry as a result  School today also. Blah!
negative,I dived many times for the ball. Managed to save 50%  The rest go out of bounds
negative,my whole body feels itchy and like its on fire
negative,"no, it's not behaving at all. i'm mad. why am i here? because I can't see you all over there. "
negative,not the whole crew
negative,Need a hug
negative,"hey  long time no see! Yes.. Rains a bit ,only a bit  LOL , I'm fine thanks , how's you ?"
negative,nope they didn't have it
negative,que me muera ?
negative,spring break in plain city... it's snowing
negative,I just re-pierced my ears
negative,I couldn't bear to watch it.  And I thought the UA loss was embarrassing . . . . .
negative,"It it counts, idk why I did either. you never talk to me anymore "
negative,"i would've been the first, but i didn't have a gun.    not really though, zac snyder's just a doucheclown."
negative,I wish I got to watch it with you!! I miss you and  how was the premiere?!
negative,Hollis' death scene will hurt me severely to watch on film  wry is directors cut not out now?
negative,about to file taxes
negative,ahh ive always wanted to see rent  love the soundtrack!!
negative,Oh dear. Were you drinking out of the forgotten table drinks?
negative,i was out most of the day so didn't get much done
negative,"one of my friend called me, and asked to meet with her at Mid Valley today...but i've no time *sigh* "
negative,I baked you a cake but I ated it
negative,this week is not going as i had hoped
negative,blagh class at 8 tomorrow
negative,I hate when I have to call and wake people up
negative,Just going to cry myself to sleep after watching Marley and Me.
negative,im sad now  Miss.Lilly
negative,ooooh.... LOL  that leslie.... and ok I won't do it again so leslie won't  get mad again
negative,Meh... Almost Lover is the exception... this track gets me depressed every time.
negative,some1 hacked my account on aim  now i have to make a new one
negative,I want to go to promote GEAR AND GROOVE but unfornately no ride there  I may b going to the one in Anaheim in May though
negative,thought sleeping in was an option tomorrow but realizing that it now is not. evaluations in the morning and work in the afternoon!
negative,awe i love you too!!!! 1 am here  i miss you
negative,I cry my asian eyes to sleep at night
negative,ok I'm sick and spent an hour sitting in the shower cause I was too sick to stand and held back the puke like a champ. BED now
negative,ill tell ya the story later  not a good day and ill be workin for like three more hours...
negative,sorry! bed time came here (GMT+1)
negative,I don't either. Its depressing. I don't think I even want to know about the kids in suitcases.
negative,Bed. Class 8-12. Work 12-3. Gym 3-5 or 6. Then class 6-10. Another day that's gonna fly by. I miss my girlfriend
negative,really don't feel like getting up today... but got to study to for tomorrows practical exam...
negative,He's the reason for the teardrops on my guitar the only one who has enough of me to break my heart
negative,"Sad, sad, sad. I don't know why but I hate this feeling  I wanna sleep and I still can't!"
negative,Awww I soo wish I was there to see you finally comfortable! Im sad that I missed it
negative,Falling asleep. Just heard about that Tracy girl's body being found. How sad  My heart breaks for that family.
negative,Yay! I'm happy for you with your job! But that also means less time for me and you...
negative,"Just checked my user timeline on my blackberry, it looks like the twanking is still happening  Are ppl still having probs w/ BGs and UIDs?"
negative,Oh man...was ironing fave top to wear to a meeting. Burnt it
negative,is strangely sad about LiLo and SamRo breaking up.
negative,oh! i'm so sorry  i didn't think about that before retweeting.
negative,Broadband plan 'a massive broken promise'  via www.diigo.com/~tautao Still waiting for broadband we are
negative,"Wow, tons of replies from you, may have to unfollow so I can see my friends' tweets, you're scrolling the feed a lot. "
negative,our duck and chicken are taking wayyy too long to hatch
negative,"Put vacation photos online a few yrs ago. PC crashed, and now I forget the name of the site. "
negative,I need a hug
negative,"Not sure what they are, only that they are PoS! As much as I want to, I dont think can trade away company assets sorry andy! "
negative,I hate when that happens...
negative,"I have a sad feeling that Dallas is not going to show up  I gotta say though, you'd think more shows would use music from the game. mmm"
negative,Ugh....92 degrees tomorrow
negative,Where did u move to?  I thought u were already in sd. ?? Hmmm. Random u found me. Glad to hear yer doing well.
negative,"I miss my ps3, it's out of commission  Wutcha playing? Have you copped 'Blood On The Sand'?"
negative,just leaving the parking lot of work!
negative,The Life is cool. But not for Me.
negative,"Sadly though, I've never gotten to experience the post coitus cigarette before, and now I never will. "
negative,I had such a nice day. Too bad the rain comes in tomorrow at 5am
negative,too bad I won't be around I lost my job and can't even pay my phone bill lmao aw shucks
negative,Damm back to school tomorrow
negative,"Mo jobs, no money.  how in the hell is min wage here 4 f'n clams an hour?"
negative, Not forever... See you soon!
negative,"agreed, I saw the failwhale allllll day today. "
negative,Oh! Haha... dude I dont really look at em unless someone says HEY I ADDED YOU. Sorry  I'm so terrible at that. I need a pop up!
negative,I'm sure you're right...    I need to start working out with you and the Nikster... Or Jared at least!
negative,i really hate how people diss my bands!  Trace is clearly NOT ugly!
negative,"Gym attire today was: Puma singlet, Adidas shorts.......and black business socks and leather shoes  Lucky did not run into any cute girls."
negative,Why won't you show my location?!
negative,No picnic  my phone smells like citrus.
negative,"My donkey is sensitive about such comments. Nevertheless, he'd (and me'd) be glad to see your mug asap. Charger is still awol. "
negative,No new csi tonight.  FML
negative,i think my arms are sore from tennis
negative,wonders why someone that u like so much can make you so unhappy in a split seccond . depressed .
negative,sleep soon... i just hate saying bye and see you tomorrow for the night.
negative,"just got ur newsletter, those fares really are unbelievable, shame I already booked and paid for mine "
negative,missin' the boo
negative,Me too  #itm
negative,Damn... I don't have any chalk! MY CHALKBOARD IS USELESS
negative,"had a blast at the Getty Villa, but hates that she's had a sore throat all day. It's just getting worse too "
negative,hey missed ya at the meeting  sup mama
negative,"My tummy hurts.  I wonder if the hypnosis has anything to do with it? If so, it's working, I get it, STOP SMOKING!!!"
negative,why is it always the fat ones?!
negative,"Sorry, babe!!  My fam annoys me too. Thankfully, they're asleep right now. Muahaha. *evil laugh*"
negative,I should have paid more attention when we covered photoshop in my webpage design class in undergrad
negative,wednesday my b-day! don't know what 2 do!!
negative,Poor cameron (the hills)
negative,"pray for me please, the ex is threatening to start sh** at my/our babies 1st Birthday party. what a jerk. and I still have a headache "
negative,"hmm  , do u really enjoy being with him ? if the problems are too constants u should think things more , find someone ulike"
negative,Strider is a sick little puppy
negative,"so rylee,grace...wana go steve's party or not?? SADLY SINCE ITS EASTER I WNT B ABLE 2 DO MUCH  BUT OHH WELL....."
negative,"hey, I actually won one of my bracket pools! Too bad it wasn't the one for money "
negative,"YOU don't follow me, either  and i work for you!"
negative,A bad nite for the favorite teams: Astros and Spartans lose.  The nite out with T.W. was good.
negative, Body Of Missing Northern Calif. Girl Found: Police have found the remains of a missing Northern California girl ..
negative,"I hope they will increase the capacity fast, yesterday was such a pain. Got the fail whale +15 times in 2 hours.... "
negative,Behind on my classes for work
negative,watching &quot;House&quot;
negative,Remember my bum leg? Strikes back this time its serious
negative,"cool, i will. their are all kinds of complaints about this laptop online about overheating, but no recalls "
negative,Emily will be glad when Mommy is done training at her new job. She misses her.
negative,would rather the first party send bad messages than the 3rd party send mixed ones  Sophmore year all over again?
negative,it's overrated
negative,i know! I heard it this afternoon and wondered the same thing. Moscow is so behind the times
negative,laying in bed with no voice..
negative,I'm sooo sad!!! they killed off Kutner on House  whyyyyyyyy
negative,Sorry  tell them mea culpa from me and that I really am sorry.
negative,"it didn't make any sense to me, the suicide thing. I refuse to believe that that is actually what happened. "
negative, hope your ok.
negative,Damn! The grind is inspirational and saddening at the same time.  Don't want you to stop cuz I like what u do! Much love
negative,yeah aw but i know i wudnt stand a chance
negative,ugh. cant sleep. its 1:30am.
negative,Hanging in Crooners. Wanna sing. Can't. Sucks.
negative,aaw i miss ya all too.. im leaving to BH tomorrow &quot;morning&quot; i think.. aww i wanna go to the beach w u girls!!
negative,Is pissed off that there's no ASBA's for a radio station.
negative,wednesday my b-day n don't know what 2 do!
negative,I know my life has been flipped upside down when I just thought in my head that some Ramen sounds good.
negative,I am in pain. My back and sides hurt. Not to mention crying is made of fail.
negative,"Late night snack, glass of OJ b/c I'm &quot;down with the sickness&quot;, then back to sleep...ugh I hate getting sick... "
negative,but.. but.. but.. I'm not a big fan on camilla belle
negative,"WAH I can't see clip, must be el-stupido work filters. Can't wait 'till I get a 'puter. Something else 2 blame ex 4. He broke mine "
negative,This week just seems to get longer and longer in terms of how much I need to do.. and how much I'm actually going to get done
negative,I'm so cold
negative,Ehhh don't. Weather's gonna take a turn for the ugly tomorrow
negative,haha its so cooooold in the d! and no  but you should still go to the show. they do some incredible stuff
negative,Hoping the tummy rumbles go away soon
negative,"No, no notice. They told me I'd be working tomorrow, and then I called the agency to follow up and they said it was over. "
negative,almost bedtime
negative,I'm missing you babe..  but as long as your alive I'm happy.. Yawwwnn.. I'm tired my love imma try to sleep hopefully you had a headstart
negative,Agh...snow!!!
negative,i miss kenny powers
negative,"Thank you for letting people know, but now I'm sad that the direct message I got wasn't actually from Bridget "
negative,"...and, India missed out its 100th Test victory n 10th consecutive win without a loss. "
negative,I guess that's a no then.
negative,sadly is going to bed.
negative,Shame to hear this Stephan
negative,hey! i'm leavin in the morning...
negative,"Was intending to finish editing my 536-page novel manuscript tonight, but that will probably not happen. And only 12 pages are left "
negative,laid around too much today... now my head hurts
negative,I still haven't read the 9th&amp;10th Princess diaries  Saving Francesca made me cry at the end. Hmm those are easy books.
negative,my nokia 1110 died..
negative,My mom might have breast cancer won't find out anything for. Like a week I'm so worried!
negative,Going to sleep. Hoping tomorrow is a better day.
negative,lol.. wish they understood daylight savings has ended though and breakfast is an hour later  They keep waking the kids up too
negative,that is lame
negative,I don't understand... I really don't
negative,HEROES just isn't doing it for me this season...
negative,Living not downtown sure isn't much fun.
negative,Not calorie wise   I wish junk food was calorie free! I ate a thing of sour skittles and a big ass cherry coke!
negative,Man Work is Hard
negative,"getting sick  time for some hot tea, studying, and then sleeeep"
negative,Getting eyebrows waxed. More pain
negative,No phantasy star yesterday  going to work...
negative,Oh - Just got all my MacHeist 3.0 apps - sweet. Didn't get the Espresso serial no though although they said they sent it - oh well
negative,Picked Mich St to win it all from the get go.  Was feeling pretty good about that pick all the way up until......tonight.  A's lost too
negative,is alone downstairs...working
negative,I feel bad for doing it
negative,"is it just me, or she hates anoop. i mean seriously, she's kinda mean to him. "
negative,yes sprint has 4g only in baltimore and chicago so far
negative,I'm stuck awake in the middle of the night for the second day in a row. And I felt terrible yesterday.
negative,Thanks for bursting my bubble
negative,Going to school soon... can't find anything to wear!! gosh it's so hard
negative,I was serious  LOL
negative,I had on my page for sooooo long!!! Until it got deleted  Sad day in history
negative,Crazy wind today = no birding
negative,currently at work..
negative,Grrr.. my ipods acting weird too! Jai ho and thinking of you aren't playing the full songs.. ughh.
negative,send me the DVD cos I have missed out on heaps  NOT happy about that!
negative,i don't see the big deal with this website
negative,I'm so sorry you're having to go through this. Again.  #therapyfail
negative,Far too out of the way for rail.  any other tips?
negative,I'm not still up I swear. Why do I keep losing. gaining. losing. gaining. tweeps?  So heart wrenching.
negative,"Today I realized I am too good at hiding things, even I can't find it "
negative,"Staying at a friends house...house sitting, neighbors are SO loud-having a party "
negative,danny im upset that i wasnt here to watch the live chat  i was in a car. for 3 hours on a trip im soooo upset!!
negative,Check out my mug
negative,Borders closed at 10
negative,Downloading NIN's new album &quot;the slip&quot; - when the hell did this come out? I'm so behind the times these days
negative,Just woke up an already have written some e-mail... I've to go early at University today as I have to teach at 8:30 AM!
negative,is watching the hill . . .and its making me sad
negative,So many channels.... yet so so boring... lazy day again  may have to find a hobby
negative,I miss my buddy  ill be in NY on the 25th
negative, love the french. I tell people here in the south i'm qtr. french and they snarl at me.  french are beautiful people
negative,Opps.. As I said.. I still got one day remain and now problem come
negative,"I activated my Selfcontrol block early, meaning I can't check out the new QC.  Regularizing my internal clock is might be difficult. #fb"
negative, oH NO
negative,spencer is not a good guy.
negative,"What about Reese dying on #TTSC? And season finale next week.  #24 boring, Madame President is a crazy woman."
negative,"I hate the limited letters,too.Hope you and the guys are fine?I pray for my dog,she's not well "
negative,didn't get shit done today ~ i'm so screwed
negative,wanttss to go out
negative,Is not going to sleep tonite.
negative,too worried and tired to post tonight
negative,couldn't get shit done today ~ i'm so screwed
negative,"Job Interview in Cardiff today, wish me luck! Got about 3 hours sleep "
negative,"Your show is whack. Way worse than whack, it's wiggety-whack.    :*(:*(:*("
negative,I really don't think people choose to be that way. But I think he chose not to accept my family's help   He might be dead by now
negative,"You're going to kill me, but I've not seen DS9. I've been waiting till I can do it in one solid week sitting. "
negative,i think ur right!! hahaha!! 4.5 hrs now!!
negative,i hate to see the spartans so sad
negative,My mind and body are severely protesting this &quot;getting up&quot;  thing. Had nightmares to boot
negative,"I'm goin' to follow u, since u didn't  LOL  GO ANGELS!"
negative,
negative,I think I want to read some books but the library doesn't have them
negative,My nap was interrupted so many times today  Going out for Japanese with the 'rents again...
negative,Kind of longs for the bus that shows up at the end of Ghost World right now. Ugh.
negative,but this is canada  canada is weird. we're supposed to get snow through wednesday. ugh.
negative,Awwh babs... you look so sad underneith that shop entrance of &quot;Yesterday's Musik&quot;  O-: I like the look of the new transformer movie
negative,sad that the 'feet' of my macbook just fell off
negative,I'm gonna get up late tomorrow and it's 132am here. I gonna get tipsy by my lonesome. That's...that's just sad
negative,"I'm sweating my forthcoming trip to E3.  If I can't find someone to crash with while I'm out there, I may be screwed.  "
negative,"Has now gotten somebody to read his tweets, but cant get them to make an account. "
negative, omgawd i couldnt handle my cat being in heat all the time D: D:
negative,I hope i can make it to the auburn show. but its not looking good for me
negative,*thats people mag haha i couldnt fit it all in.. i dont think those pictures ever made it in the magazine tho!  haha
negative,Congrats!!  i totally forgot to submit photos
negative,"awww, Good luck Paula!! Please don't work too hard  but I hope you have fun  Your new album is gonna be amazing!  xxx"
negative,now your leaving me  .... -gets sad-
negative,"I miss you twitter. My phone broke, now I'm using a stupid Nokia phone. Ughhh, I miss my advance phone. "
negative,SHOOTING OUTSIDE MY HOUSE :O NOT KIDDING! So SCARED
negative,Tuesday'll start with reflection 'n then a lecture in Stress reducing techniques. That sure might become very useful for us accompaniers
negative,What tragedy and disaster in the news this week
negative,yes yes still trying to find a picture that will upload correclty..
negative,Why oh why was the Red Sox game rained out? I was so looking forward to opening day
negative,I still can't find my keys.
negative,I know right. I dunno what is going on with twitter.
negative,might be getting a sore throat again
negative,  my home town. My mammy called all depressd.  Pls explain y a parent let their 8yr old child walk alone? Hello? Its 2009!
negative,- I think I need to find better anti-depressants.  I think this Paxil/Wellbutrin combo is losing its efficacy.
negative,Restaurant called WoodNTap has competitive eating tourney round tourney time. We place 2nd
negative,is in the bathroom... wake up lakin.
negative,i want tacos and margarhitas  telll gay i say hello&lt;3
negative,"im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, california"
negative,bad day at the betfair office
negative,I miss him.  Can't wait to celebrate the Tar Heel win this weekend though!!
negative,I'm really cold. I don't want to go to sleep yet but there's nothing to do
negative,is this it 4 u? Its ' officially over ' 4 me this go round!
negative,monkeys??? i just found out you my twin and you wont even write back.  i'm heartbroken
negative,Aww  I know I felt like that yesterday at work
negative,treaty isn't defined
negative,missed Brent at praise band.   No fun to not have the your lead guitarist.  &lt;pout&gt;
negative,poor john  this is what happens when you play with fruit and a microwave! Seriously though HAVE you seen a doctor?? Xxx
negative,Missing My BFF  watching home and away it reminds me of her and me  we &lt;3 It. shout out to u courts
negative,
negative,New video card is DOA.
negative,"feeling lost, naked and confused (JK, sort of).....no iphone for me. "
negative,"Damn i am so late at filling this appraisal form, people have almost sent it .. i was so occupied in work "
negative,missed Brent at praise band.  No fun to not have your lead guitarist. &lt;pout&gt;
negative,i think to much on the past. i cant change it. i deserved so much more then wat i got. ..but why am i still thinking about him  gah
negative,has lost his ring. It's no-where to be seen
negative,"Ooooooh! *sealclap* See, I download shitloads of zip folders off 4chan. I have no internet moneys.  FUCK YEAH ALICIA &amp; MIKEY."
negative,Is still nursing my Nile but glad he is feeling better. I hate when my baby is sick
negative,Is fucked to go back to IC
negative,yoyoyo. my internet has been rude tonight. it JUST reconnected and I'm about to go to bed.
negative,well i have uni stuff and netball  but after netbal if i've done uni stuff we can
negative,Me too I is poor
negative,help me forget 8th april &amp; 13th july!
negative,"dierks bentley is comin' to columbus, OH!! i wanna go so bad "
negative,i have to take my sidekick back.
negative,congrats! I'm totally jealous! only wish my XM was working
negative,gr8t my face is very itchy
negative,poor socks  luvvvvv the golden retriever!! I want one sighhhh
negative,I just saw that they found that Tracy girl in a piece of luggage... How fucking terrible
negative,Aaaaand the nausea is back.
negative,ooh I'm excited and not even going 2 be there  long love YOUTUBE!
negative,spent 1 hour to reach to Axis bank only to find out today is holiday for Mahavir Jayanti  contd..
negative, i agree... the jobros dont update theres very often
negative,it is hilarious and I linked the clip from LJ some time ago but when I went back just now it was a dead link
negative,OOOOOOOO who with? (im not neither but thats because i need to study  )
negative,"Haven't tweeted nearly all day  Posted my website tonight, hopefully that goes well  Night time!"
negative,I miss bentley
negative,seriously needs to finish these job applications
negative,"My son Vincas is sick, so I stay at home  Just three tense days at work, and I am back on holiday with kids"
negative,Whinging. My client&amp;boss don't understand English well. Rewrote some text unreadable. It's written by v. good writer&amp;reviewed correctly.
negative,I don't want him to ever punch me.
negative,sooo sick of the snow  ughh
negative,-------
negative,it doesn't work your fan is upset
negative,I would like to apologize for the repeated Video Games Live related tweets. I am going to have a stern discussion with Koodo soon. Stern.
negative,but i cant figure out how to get there / back / pay for a hotel etc
negative,"FML: So much for seniority, bc of technological ineptness, I now have to &quot;register&quot; for classes AGAIN "
negative,feels like she slept the day away.    Not looking forward to any more bouts with my gallbladder.  At least I have pills now for the pain.
negative,but what I really want is my old bass back
negative,Mad tired today... Callin it in early tonight  nighty night twittas
negative,"Take it easy, and be good to you. "
negative,I'm afraid I had bad code.
negative,Think I'm going to bed. Goodniight. I hate this
negative," i'm here, friend, and i love you."
negative, All this time you didn't notice I was gone...just needed DB2 is it??
negative,is in the bathroom and i have to pee!
negative,but I wanted a margarita too!
negative,yup night workouts r the worst but unfortunetly my work schedule only allows me to go at night  its tough!
negative,Just called Hillsong again - they said they couldn't tell me where I was on the waiting list - I don't know if it's looking so good
negative,"has 0g of milky bar left, and around 200ml of coke "
negative,It stillllll hasn't arrived
negative,"Mraow, I feel like dancing, but first art school wants to rape me some more. "
negative,ah! I bet it does I've been like craving to play softball or basketball !!! But I have noo time
negative,Is terrified she accidentally deleted a reference in her management assignment and hopes she doesnt get in trouble when she gets back
negative,amazon s3 plugin not worked in my website . it need PHP 5 . but my hosting provider has only PHP 4.4  . very sad.
negative,"Argh! I was suuuper sleepy an hour ago, now I'm wide awake.  Hope I don't stay up all night. :-/"
negative,"I wish I was!  Sold out   If you have some time let me know, I would love to hear more about what you are up to!"
negative,Just watched tropic thunder. Dreading tomorrow
negative,no...he's still miss'n...
negative,ChiefDelphi is down
negative," - according to my bro, our new puppy had a poo fight and was covered in poop  (picture stolen from him)"
negative,playing game at home! my new boss didn't call me yet...
negative,Su yin Huen tweeted I feel unbearable guilt. I made my staff cry
negative,Poor Joshy is sick???   those damn tejanos!
negative,My thoughts are with Sandra Cantu's family at this difficult and sad time
negative,"I know, just wanted to let everybody know what was happening  "
negative,Michigan who?  I don't know them.                   *sigh*   Shameful!
negative,i have to fill two hours
negative,"so cuuute! hey, i miss you na!  its not the same not seeing you girls everyday "
negative,Oh! Did I mention it? &quot;Gooooood Moooorniiiiiiing&quot;  from Germany! Im back in my cage....or better...my office
negative,throat is closing up and i had some string cheese. not a good idea
negative,"Aww, Sandra Cantu is found dead in a suitcase  Missing children stories never seem to go good. Poor family."
negative,wishing i was home underneath my covers
negative,walking home from school drains all my energy
negative,"I agree. The shapeshifting is a copout. I was so excited for Angela's ep, I thought it was this week.  Noah was awesome tho!"
negative,Dang! I would have done this if I knew it was there earlier.  Any other outings planned?
negative,I wish I was better at writing. It's taking me so long to write this paper.
negative,..and of course... I have access to my Halo 3 Mythic Map Pack re-download.. but bad news.. not the Legendary Map Pack... ugh.. 600MS...
negative,"...not yet unfortunately, another few weeks I've been told  How are you? I've been a little bit busy with my latest project."
negative,Ha the sun's already gone
negative,day 2. a lot harder than day 1. let's see how day 3 goes tomorrow.
negative,My man crush Jake Peavy let me down  #gayforpeavy
negative,"megafast trip, you have time during day tom/weds? Or, you going out tonight? Want to see you bad. Tried to warn you, tech fail "
negative,michigan state you make me sad
negative,omg. my mouth is in so much pain  i just wanna sleep untill its time to take my braces off.
negative,getting annoyed easily today  &gt;&gt;&gt; biofuel proposal: getting annoyed easily today  &gt;&gt;&gt; biof..
negative,Hey girl. The site is back.  Girlyvue is back and they have even more videos.
negative,i'm spending time with my grandma early tomorrow and i can't leave skittles by herself.
negative,just got home from watching Michigan State get tromped!
negative,"Oh jew-bus! Two years worth of classes' work is ALOT to organize &gt;_&lt; i'm not finishing tonight, it's not possible...my bones ache "
negative,"no exchanging for me, my laptop hasn't arrived "
negative,i hope this doesn't last too long.  i feel miserable!
negative,RACHEL! hang outage is neccessary - i was gonna be home this wekend but dumb folk make me work   so im free F and Sat until 4...
negative,Not Fun &amp; Furious? The new mantra for the Bay 2 Breakers? It was getting 2 rambunctious;the city overreacted &amp; clamped down
negative, my hubby (for some reason) thinks it's more important he has a good spot for red carpet for the Trek Movie Premiere. Sod!
negative,"I swear no matter how long I've been getting up at 5am, it never gets any easier. Man my eyes hurts wah "
negative,Jeffree! How do you keep your hair one color? My PERMANENT dye fades within the week
negative,"my reaction too  whoa, didn't see that coming"
negative,"still sick. feeling a bit better, got some new medicine.... hope I feel good after a night of sleep. ohh, and it's suppose to snow! WTF! "
negative,"I think maybe you should get a couple more hours of sleep, hon. How productive can you be right now if ur dog tired? I worry "
negative,Thanks a lot. Learned a lot of new words but didn't find what I was looking for.
negative,Wish I had all the XBLM downloads all on the gamertag 'Hitokyri'. This 5 gamertag thing is nonsense... and I'm tired of it
negative,New Testament Test at 9:30 am
negative,tons no hay Troll? ahhhh
negative,stupid movies we watched... mirrors ugggggh... stooopeeed!!! rip off!
negative," - I love you, Buck. "
negative,last one!!! but still not done!!!
negative,homework....
negative,I don't understand why things get taken away. I didn't have enough time with him its unfair. I want him back!! He was like my baby
negative,Scratch that: du in heif (two in a half) cookies. My tum just can't take anymore shoog. Poots
negative,i was just listening to the sweets for the first time in forever! i miss them so much  can we go to chi town for visits plz?
negative,"Geez what a busy afternoon. Meetings, emails, meetings and email and more meetings. 6pm and the day is still going! Ah its dark and "
negative,"DANG!!! ANOTHER SPRING BREAK!!!  HOW COOL IS THAT???  TOO BAD I HAVE TO WORK ALL WEEK  OH WELL, MORE MONEY FOR A PHONE.  ttyl EVERBODY!!!"
negative,Im afraid too  ( ur reply about uni from ages ago
negative,feeling down
negative,lol they are some emotional ass men!! Omg all this late night eating.. Both of us are broke
negative,"Aww Nick!! I like your hair longer, why did you cut it off?  Break. My. Heart."
negative, wonder if Jon lost the net
negative,Wow. The most depressing thing in the world is losing a video that you've created in a matter of seconds.  #FML
negative, But all says not in stock
negative,lmao im sorry poohpot i ate it all!
negative,Any chance  Softbelly (for isn't loud?
negative,Time to move my posterior  and lose some fat. My articulation are creaking so no more running  but I'm drool for some swimming
negative,listening to nathan cry....
negative,today sucked. I'm gonna die without chris and callum!  wahhh!
negative,"STOU site not update, no info about 2/2552 exam, and open course, I must wait for mail notices and doc. um... "
negative,sorry. I'm feeling kinda yucky myself. 5am is going to come too quick
negative,is in love with scrappy and is missin him already
negative,wants to hear 's song but myspace is messing with me
negative,Bad news was Dad has cancer and is dying   Good news new business started and  I am now a life coach practising holistic weight management
negative,Man... intervention is soo sad
negative,HELP! I need a new boyfriend... I'm stuck in a rut
negative,I feel like a complete idiot. I'm the only one who doesn't get how this shit works  help me
negative,Saw an ad on Craigslist for a casting call for a female host on G4. I was totally psyched! But realized it was a hoax
negative,Pepperoni rolls in L.A.?: I called Valentino's - they said that they had sausage rolls but no pepperoni rolls
negative,"yes, it will be. it's only Monday "
negative,i want the new GG episode already
negative,I miss watching Rocko's Modern Life.
negative,RIP Sandra....its so sad    how can someone do something like that??
negative,Keeping my fingers crossed for my buddy    He is not feeling well.
negative,Wait should I eat?? Or be skinny for vegas!! I'm hungry!
negative,"I tried tweetdeck once and I hated it with a passion. Or it hated me, I'm not sure... "
negative,"BTW my iPhone is acting funny, dying quickly and freezing and BS.  I'm not admitting anything, just sayin "
negative,Sitting here wondering why &quot;ED&quot; still has such a strong hold on me
negative,IM SORRY I GOT YOU SICK.  lol. going to bed too. NIGHT!
negative,"no Internet at home, have to drive into Ox to use Internet because of builders! "
negative,the weather in Canada is freezing
negative,twiggassssssss I been out of range all day  I'm back now and hopefully for good.
negative,
negative,anyone who reads this pray for my Grandma. She's in pain
negative,"#3 woke up and was having an accident - &quot;It's pushing, it's pushing!&quot; he was crying because he couldn't stop from wetting his pants.  "
negative,"Home from Franklin street, I almost jumped over a fire. Someone kicked it before I could.  Jenny lost her shoe."
negative,hey! you just changed your default.
negative,Finally gave in and was bored enough to start this thing. I think the 140 is going to be a problem for me tho.  its like a myspace status.
negative,"If oooonly we were really so lucky, eh? And awh  Definitely too early for work."
negative,buttload of homework!
negative,needs another copy of visual studio 2008
negative,"why to we, the only school in the world, be in this week.My school is silly  anyway... look on the bright side. When i'm off, u will be in"
negative,omg i've an economics test. and i dont know all the things i have to know and omg im gonna fail
negative,"Once upon a time Hundred Islands was the pride of Philippine tourism, but coral/clam/rare fish poaching did it in. Kinda sad "
negative,"yeah, apparently i have really bad taste "
negative,I KNOW! I was really surprised since everyone recommends them on youtube.  I have to call them tomorrow and figure it all out.
negative,Waiting at the airport for my ride while I get harassed by 2 men trying to sell me ugly hats.. Why me?!  I just want to sleep..
negative,i left my IDs at the location and now i can not go out to bars  FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK
negative,i'm sorry I don't understand your last comment
negative,when is the announcement? i stayed up late last night
negative,"this is strange, illegal torrents avlbl everywhere, legal DVD not in stock  What do I do now???"
negative,ITS NOT ENOUGH TO SAY THAT IMISS U
negative,This trolley has up packed in like sardines! Padre game and they REMOVE a car?! Good call MTS
negative,"Jeez, I was just trying to help  Haha."
negative,that happened to me saturday night. along with my glittery green lighter!
negative,trying to reduce the number of cigarettes in each day!
negative,yea it is so quiet around here cuz everyone has to work im bored to death with nobody to talk to
negative,gotta do my cooking assignment  its too hard
negative,"okay, about the applepears, I've talked to a few people and they've ALL had them before. No one ever told me, never "
negative,"I know!  I'm a night owl by nature, hahaha Am I a time zone behind you? It's almost 1 here"
negative,lol - nope! but i did have complete #camerafail
negative,But! I'm useless if I don't sleep  It's not fair! I want all the fun as well!!!
negative,My Pookie has a UTI.  I have to be Nurse Gabbie and get him back to 100%!!! No more sodas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
negative,tweet something damn it!  and hang out with me please?
negative,
negative,"I'm SO behind in video games, and everything for that matter. I'm yesterday's news "
negative,"I did, it was the only one left but I got tempted and ate it soon as I got home  I had a chocolate velvet &amp; ate d mocha"
negative,Is stressing out because my blackberry keeps flashing a red alert status for no reason!! Its faking me out and I hate it!!!
negative, - I wanna wear my Doc Martens out! Haven't worn them since December.
negative,When to the shoe repair shop and the guy could not find my shoes!  So I have to go back and see if he can find them in a couple days.
negative,I did not really see that coming
negative,"just woke up from the most vivid, sketchy, not-cool dreams of my life. time to stare at the wall with the lights on. "
negative,it'll take 3 days for my sister to get her passport
negative,OH MY YES!! i miss
negative,Uh oh... I think I am getting sick
negative,Good GOD they ruined my belly button!!!
negative,Watching Who Framed Roger Rabbit. Makes me miss Toon Town.
negative,"renting.. but very cheap renting, and awesome house. We had 3 buying attempts fall through "
negative,running nose + spinning head = not a good combination for a meeting!
negative,NEGATIVE.. you lost my vote of confidence
negative,Nasty budget due and my iphone is being sent to Apple today.
negative,that's bad
negative,"Dammit, episode 3 of Kings won't play for some reason  stopped in the middle now won't do anything"
negative,I'm so upset that I missed my chat and quiz online because my free internet has ceased
negative,can't believe it! I'm in disbelief of it all in a way really. How much can I take from people and always get hurt by others!!
negative,Car show season has started without me
negative,my throat is raw.
negative,I just don't get it. What in a persons mind could even have them on some ish like this???  My prayers are with her fam for real
negative,I hate you. I didn't need to see that. I need to call my therapist now.
negative,Twilight didn't come yesterday  fingers crossed for today
negative,glad I was able help you feel better. I hate to see you sick  Love you!
negative,is tireddddddd. want to sleep but i have an assignment to finish and an exam tomorrow to study for
negative,"You know, I was thinking... I need money "
negative,omg..its jst teusday
negative,ummmmm i cant find it.
negative,Just heard that they found Sandra Cantu... She was only 8 yrs old
negative,Ive forgotten how to snoo-snoo  I wonder if snoo-snoo and I will ever meet again...
negative,wow that last tweet made me seem like a giant sexist...sorry about that
negative,"My bathtub drain is fired: it haz 1 job 2 do, &amp; it iz FAIL. I got all Drano on its ass, &amp; iz STILL NOT DRAINING. I wanna shower, dangit!! "
negative,stuck at home
negative,mine is 1/10  how do you get it up?
negative,Duckling in famous children's book stolen from Boston's Public Garden - The Boston Globe  via OH NO!!
negative,"Thank you! However, I hate to be on the same list that includes 2 convicts.  "
negative,"Heading to Altrincham, again! Out of hours install "
negative,MORNING!!! Good im bloody knackered!!! Work is not for me today  HELPPP!!!! xxx
negative, I don't have a garage.  But you can park in my driveway!
negative, What happened?
negative,"&quot;On popular music&quot; by T.W.Adorno is probably the most difficult reading ever prescribed, I'm actually struggling to continue "
negative," - cant see the flowers falling  i dont have a camera, just my cellphone"
negative,"We've been good. I'm not liking the snow right now, was getting used to the nice Spring-like weather.  How about you?"
negative,What a pity YouTube is currently blocked in China.  I can't see the vids.
negative,what happened to your show it was the hightlight of my life
negative,This is the best leather sofa in the world!  It's in the office though which means I'm still here working
negative,Still 3 more days until my Internet gets uncapped
negative,"If he doesn't get better in a few days, he could have something lodged in his belly "
negative,i Love my atekinzz so much. &amp;&amp; i soo miss her..
negative,I wanna sneak into the zoo and play with the kitties
negative,oh no  hope you're not getting sick too!
negative,i dont think i can cause its my cousins birthday party
negative,"Our sweet little man just fell asleep while waiting up for daddy and big brother to get home!  Poor baby, he missed them so much today!"
negative,the angel is going to miss the athlete this weekend
negative,trust is hard
negative,have watched that considering today. yaknow. shawnna tomomorrow;i need my bestfriend
negative,Grr i want to keep reading but if i do i wont have anything left to read
negative,"atekinzz, where in the world are you?? "
negative,No! u supposed to be my date
negative,"pears &amp; Brie, bottle of Cabernet, and &quot;Win a Date With Tad Hamilton&quot;... oh gawwd my life flashed forward to when I'm 40 with my 75 cats "
negative,Crap. I need more dresses too.
negative,yeah! i know! it was horrible!!!! ugh. saddening.
negative,geez ur no fun are you
negative,I wanna be in a punk rock band again
negative,That's a lot of angst for a Tuesday afternoon
negative,I'm very glad Britney isn't crazy anymore! That was one hell of a show! Now I'm sad that it's over.  Next up...AP at Cook County!
negative,has a huuuge headache! omg I feel like crap!
negative,Sorry
negative,sorry...i was rooting for them too...
negative,"Man, that took forever. "
negative, I see.
negative,I am listing more items on ebay to sell!  Takes forever..meanwhile Coleman is watching The Hills season premier without me..
negative,"Just got my presentation done, 23 slides done...  I'm crying for this week will be the hardest of all weeks."
negative,Just lost $160
negative,I don't like the previously on skins thing that starts at season two. I like it when it went straight into the intro like before
negative,...i wish i was there...i'm pretty good at scaring the shit out of people
negative,Going to sound vain... but running out of my fav lip gloss
negative,"never again will I click on a link that screams, &quot;I'm a spider, I'm a spider&quot;. I should have known better. yucky "
negative,Why is that when you have time off from work you get sick?
negative,Same iMac came out $320 more in Indonesia than the States.
negative,Dammit... I need to stop buying furniture
negative,no i was half asleep and turned off the laptop after that
negative,"Death is peaceful,  life however, bites "
negative, i think lost the net ? sure hope not
negative,"   and   - test footage with my girlfriend (in HD) The dark one is underxposed "
negative,Such a tough game to watch tonight for State  Finally going to bed after also staying up to watch the season premiere of the Hills!
negative,Seems jRuby support for hpricot is now two versions behind
negative,Unlike my sister...I still don't have one
negative,Fraking app store is pissing me off
negative,Logging out. I need to study....
negative,anyone else having problems accessing TTB??? I cant get on!!!
negative,I strongly dislike people who make stupid comments and dont know the whole story
negative," i'm sorry Emma, is swarley a goldfish? i'm sad for u."
negative,"All my tweets are already gone, aren't they  Missed you guys tonight."
negative,Can't sleep again. Face is kinda swollen. Don't let me be allergic to the thing that'll get me to Thursday. School tomorrow? Doubtful.
negative,"If Izzy's on the cat tree, she'll stare him down, but if she's on the floor, he chases and she runs. "
negative,I am officially banning godaddy.com from my comp. My head hurts from the small print AND I wasted $10 that could've happily gone to Boba
negative,pretty much just scary for me
negative,mines too... I'm finding it well hard to get fit...
negative,"Good morning! Ready 2 go, but I want 2 go back 2 bed "
negative,hates waiting for mails
negative,wheat bread from the dollar store just doesn't toast nicely  going over my taxes and calling it an early night
negative,"Why Kutner? I mean I knew something was going to happen to someone but it was so sad. I &lt;3 House and it was well done, but I'm still sad "
negative,aw ok goonite....
negative,ill so i cant go to the cinema!!
negative,Fell asleep . . . Really didn't mean too  *christina*
negative,"hey, you remember that time we used to be friends?? ;)  ugh. vomit. sick.  i need sleep "
negative,my lymph nodes are as massive as rahm emanuel's balls right now
negative,Oh no my computer sucks. I don't think i'll be able to listen to the Xbox 360 Fancast tonite
negative,is missing playing my trumpet
negative,My throat is still really sore. I was meant to be going on a 5 day camp from Friday but not so sure now
negative,I know exactly how you feel!
negative,At work
negative,Well bed time now. 1 am. *sighs* Back to 6 am mornings for a week on Wednesday.
negative,Jesus Camp? Yeah...
negative,"oh no! with everything that happened today, i forgot we were going dress shopping for the opera tomorrow. "
negative,Turtles are better than my Mac - lasts longer and moves faster
negative,I am soaked. This is not pleasant
negative,Sorry to hear about Maggie.    Thoughts to your mum.
negative,"you may have to email this one to me  I hope you feel better."
negative,dead yu gettin on wen im leavin
negative,PLEASE TELL ME THAT'S SOMEWHERE CLOSE TO CALIFORNIA!!! LOL!
negative,where are you?
negative,stupid arranged marriages... i'll convert so you can marry me...love you!
negative,"Well he said that he is a looser, and that is what the show implies "
negative,Poor Sandra Cantu &amp; the Cantu family! My prayers go out to them! What a sick world we live in. She was only 8
negative,fuck omg  austins always there though man &lt;3 love you
negative,I cried so hard when Matthew died
negative,sad that the 'feet' of my macbook just fell off : sad that the 'feet' of my macbook just fell off
negative,- why am I the last to find out about these things? Like that you're on the twitter too.
negative,absolutely not!!
negative, - Filled with curry  the true indian in me is coming out
negative,im soooo cold right now
negative,lol I kant believe cam got beat upp sooo embarasssiiiin
negative,Good Knight hun! Looking forward to ur tweets again! Hate that i keep missing out on the fun cuz of the time difference
negative,Tumblr: This is exactly how it feels wearing a 'tie'?
negative,hahaa!! i just realized &quot;impune&quot; definitely isnt the word i wanted... dang. i'm so unclever.
negative,watching old videos of dance team and such... makes me miss it
negative,Wahh  no CSI anywhere! DVR'ed I Love Money 2 though - gonna watch it then sleep - Goodnight Tweeters&lt;3
negative,Struggling hard with Inventory
negative,Do you hate us?? Please don't
negative,haha im not THAT ballin. I still got bills to paaaaay
negative,I'm in one of those days when I really just want to work from home.  Crap.
negative,Wait...is it a game or just episodes? I'm so confused.
negative,HAHA. I cried...  I guess he did....
negative,I don't get statistics!  Its all a bunch of mumbo jumbo for me.
negative,"Got it, sadly, only works for UK &amp; US at the moment "
negative,Evicted
negative,doesn't enjoy learning CSS.
negative,Brian don't make me fuck u up LOL I replied 2 ur message...did u get my # ? I miss u
negative,"I  dvr'd it and went to watch it, apparently the dish network went down SO I MISSED IT    I will have to catch a rerun!"
negative,lmao. U may have to wait for another season to come thru. its summe boo. Hot nd dry ass weather
negative,I can't set my feet on the ground. The missing eyelid people might get me!
negative,my english professor would be ashamed.
negative,[-O] I wish the frogs weren't becoming extinct
negative,"Came home from Cross County, Tired as "
negative,I don't want to walk home in this snow. Who wants to pick me up?
negative,"Lauren is being stubborn. she loves you, you love her.  I feel so bad for you, though. it made me cry  lol!"
negative,is grouchy. and wants bmar
negative,"my heart is broken every morning dropping Foo at pre school, now i understand when moms say &quot;he has my heart broken&quot;. "
negative,Not feeling well and back hurts
negative,Im in the mood for some chocolate. I want..... Miniature Reeses cups. Now
negative,I can't take this heat! It's like an oven in here. I feel sick nwo
negative,Come to the chat  just 15 minutes  please?
negative,Boredd. Colddd  Internet keeps stuffing up
negative,"I had a horrible nightmare last night which affected my sleep, now I'm really tired "
negative,"im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, new york"
negative,Lost  and it was St. Ignacius Prepatory School. Haha.
negative,yeah  it was really depressing... stuff like that gets to me
negative,"No problem, tongue-in-cheek remark.  Lots of acronyms, but no NZ "
negative,hey you said matt was gonna go all ballistic... i was disappointed  good ep tho mostly
negative,ugh horrible ending to the sandra kantu story  prayers go out.
negative, - I hate 2 B allergic  i want a puppy soo bad that i've already thought some cool names
negative,Morning folks 7.00 am ..yawn! Up &amp; away to see to horses - hope Twitter is better behaved today!  Last night was a travesty
negative,I miss mine too!
negative,Sorry to hear about your loss.     There have been many this year so far.
negative,Gossip Girl was a repeat
negative,I reckon
negative,finding it really hard to use twitter
negative,I've been stuck in this house for two days
negative,is really sad and doesn't really know y!!??!!!
negative,no
negative,"Maybe one of these years I'll get a tax return.  A girl can dream, right?"
negative,"Back at work, tired as hell and i feel a cold coming "
negative,APRIL 9TH ISN'T COMING SOON ENOUGH
negative,"cream for his eye and he may have herpes - not ocular herpes, but a different strain.    He's doing okay though."
negative,gotta repeat  whole art folio cuz old one with a whole terms work got wet
negative,I'm ready for the weekend already. It's only Monday.
negative,umm nope..think im an insomniac ..plus i got the flu...i'lll be sleepin like a phuckin fish outta water any minute now!
negative,"has Finland sleeping for the night, not really enough time "
negative,can't wait to try em but prolly have to wait until next weekend at the earliest
negative,Shiner is taking up all my bed and blankets!
negative,APRIL 9TH ISN'T COMING SOON ENOUGH
negative,wants to cry
negative,I need to go to the bank tomorrow before I go broke...
negative,"This earthquake in italy has me sadden.  it's only three hours away from naples, where my family is "
negative,"i should be sleeping, i have a stressed out week coming to me. "
negative,Yea   I am working tp hack my server to do the 12player thing for folks
negative,has hurt her ankle!! and is going to the dr
negative,oh noes. how did you manage to send something to the trash can AND empty it without noticing! i feel for ya
negative,Lost my free copy of radioactive so can't put it on my ipod grr!And i can't go out + buy 'nother coz it came with that paper
negative,doing make up shit
negative,"Photoshop, I hate it when you crash "
negative,vacations makes me feel sick!
negative,you shouldn't have gone
negative,listening to Murd and 9th wonder- just chillen out missing my crazy sex life
negative,"shooting!?!! be careful, luisa "
negative,I'm sure everyone has ruined my gift to you  Whitney has my serious Cell #...We doing easter as well?
negative,is at Beso in Hollywood... so tired
negative,"I don't want to wake up early tomorrow.  Damn you, work!"
negative,just finished watching the movie Prayers for Bobby. Broke my heart
negative,is myki really horrible?
negative,i had 2 put my dog down today too  someone ran her over
negative,Sorry to hear about your DNF run tonight. Always a risk to get bad coords on an FTF!!
negative,"I did get some disgruntled people when I wrote my ESN, but the 1000 hits in one day made up for it. Bill pulls in 250 tops "
negative,"OHH! OMG. LMAO. I'm crying right now, LOL! KUTNERRRR was the best! "
negative,came back from running and took a shower...why does my lower stomach still hurt after exercising?
negative,watching Fallon with mom and working on a project...school is hard
negative,56 min till home time and counting! I have a craving to visit the MAC store but they will have closed by the time I get there
negative,I am so sorry to hear that!  Take care!
negative, hmmm...greed is good when it motivates the individual to do better-not so much when it takes away from others
negative,"brat! You have to rub it in, don't you.... I want a mocha "
negative,KUTNERRRR!  WHY??? WHY??????  And to think that 13 is still on the show?? UGH. Kutner/Kal Penn - you've been the bright star in Ho ...
negative,my mom has it. I wish you the best of luck
negative,I so hate homeworks -.- My head hurts so bad
negative,got the ebay blues! item i want jumped from no bidders to over $100 in an hour.. still has 3 hours to go. i'd better not get my hopes up
negative,I know -  was a little depressed that we ate so much last night there were no leftovers today
negative,"well the pc in my living room suffered a fatal partion lost, all my itunes library is gone.. and some docs with pics.... "
negative,sad day: manu out for the season
negative,You poor spunky...its so sad...my Rotti made it to 10 and I had to go down the same path....I know how you feel
negative,im sooo sad right now  i need a hug
negative,"wants her step brother home  im so worried, you dont even know. i hope he knows how much i care for him..."
negative,just got done watching the hills! loved it! excited for the next episode! and im sad this is the last season!
negative,aww that stinks!  *hugs*
negative,"I'm tired. I feel like crap. And the world feels all crummy. Make me happy, USB disco mouse. "
negative,"i dont want to believe what im reading...buu,so sad "
negative,Wondering why gamebattles is down
negative,White trash vs us... We were outnumbered.
negative,"So true, I have it and don't use it "
negative,"Spring break is here at last, but no one is here to celebrate "
negative,Morning! Bah Car won't start.. waiting for the ANWB....
negative,"which is pretty anti memorial tattoos   but for all but the strictest, there's no official BAN, just disapproving family"
negative,"Balamurugan, a longterm member of the team is leaving this month. We'll miss working with him  hope he does well in his next venture"
negative,Its sad knowing how they found her body. What a crazy world we live in. No child deserves that ya know.
negative,"I wanna rock a Maxi dress Coachella, but lacking funding "
negative,Of course the baby is screaming in the crib the night before my first day back at work.  So I let him cry it out? Boooo
negative,"I am home missing my baby  Busy week ahead Fri is a chill day with my guy and kids, Egg hunt Sat, Spiral and DMB Sat night and Easter!"
negative,I never found her. everytime I click on her twitter thing through your myspace..... it goes to some dude's page
negative,that's horrible  sorryto hear that.
negative,i cant find it! it says dtmafiaofficial doesnt exist!there's jus 1 dtmafia i found n u dun seem to b followin it  wht to do?
negative,i thought you would support me on this
negative,"augh, eff sarth  i stole some of MIL's nail polish, its pretty! =o"
negative,Wishes I was on the Spring Fling Tour with Dawn &amp; neecee Sigh  G'knight
negative,The Hoyts Distribution NZ website isn't working for me. Great. And it HAS to be like this when I need it most
negative,i don't like that they only had him in the first movie  cillian murphy is hot
negative,wishes for good old cartoons to come back. ie: Captain Planet! Where's Wally! Daria! (sadness  )
negative,not feeling v good abt myself
negative,i just got a text from sarah
negative,Another day at centre point - this time an early start so guessing train will be rammed with commuters
negative,"Four games this fall: Modern Warfare 2, Halo 3 ODST, Brutal Legend, and Bioshock 2 I need more cash "
negative,"ugh, that's disconcerting "
negative,actually the whole site has finally been taken over by those damn russians
negative,MY TWEETS ARENT GOING THROUGH
negative,"Just finished a delicious breakfast, my last in Paris  I'll miss milk, europe has the tastiest milk in the world, I don't drink it in US."
negative,"iLearn is down and out, great considering finals are this week... "
negative,i'm stressed outttt
negative,Also I shouldve Bern asleep an hour ago
negative,trying to figure out this twitter thing...none of my friends are on  yet. Soo much to see.
negative,Re-pinging Custom icons I made! =] look cool but the edges could be less square  might look bad on a diff background
negative,I want to be back in LA
negative,i dunno how to use the forum and i get frustrated with it. i'll miss talking to you on here.
negative,not an option
negative,Unfortunately one of those moments wasn't a giant squid monster.
negative,I want one too    is the branch in MidV open too?
negative,"aw, sorry to hear that. "
negative,"Change of plans, we ordered Macs instead. Time to hit the books! "
negative,YUP.
negative,did you see Donnie's tweet stats? almost 700 replies...and no JRK
negative,"nah, I haven't received my stimulus yet "
negative,i just seen ur tweet . plz write bak if u get this. i havnt got one reply bak
negative,Awwwww and you were trying to go to sleep 3 hours ago
negative,"I'm so sorry to hear that.  It's always sad when we lose those close to us, as we loved them."
negative,cant sleep but im still feelin like a piece of shit
negative,oh  my sympathies. it's a hard decision. i always hope my old border collie will go in her sleep. she's 14 too. *hug*
negative,...well there was this really cool part where... i wont spoil it
negative,I'm doing the time warp without you and am sad.
negative,"this is true, lol but it's still a slap in the face after such a warm end of march "
negative,I hate converting movies just to put em on my itouch
negative,gross i have a pimple
negative,yea  ma'naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaam (marwan accent) lol
negative,one less follower tonight
negative,so did your mom last night.  brb while I figure out whether I just burned you or myself the most.
negative,I feel like I am the only &quot;twitterer&quot; not on TweetDeck.
negative,He has Karate tournament in 8 weeks
negative,going to sleep can't be up until 1am again...and no I didn't finish my statistics homework!
negative,North carolina baby!! Aint nothin stopping them but the nba draft
negative,Can't sleep again
negative,"I reaaly miss john mayer's twitters.  fuck rude people. Remove him if you don't like his tweets, bitchfucks."
negative,is going to have a late one at MQU today
negative,im so tired of work...i need a life....
negative,"just leavin work, my feet hurt "
negative,that was so sad and unexpected.  i totally cried haha.
negative,Superneej: Morning! Bah Car won't start.. waiting for the ANWB....
negative,Still doing my homework!!!
negative,A little sad
negative,My Mom &amp; Dad both get up around 6...too early for me
negative,should've been asleep two hours ago
negative,So sorry to hear about your dog.
negative,"Funny how the little things make me homesick, criminals breakn n2 a brownstone on LawNOrd CI made me misty "
negative,"yeah, great vid. I had the 12&quot; single, but sold it a few years ago "
negative,im on val's mac in iitsc clubroom. still sweating
negative,awww so sad!!!  I'm so sorry!!
negative,UpdatingFFE.  That gives me nothing to do for a good twenty minutes!
negative,"Hot compress not rily workng for pulled muscle  gng to bed, good night"
negative,Have an invite for &quot;Healthy Dining&quot; session at Ashok Hotel today with Exec Chef R.Chopra but damn workload - will have to skip it!
negative,I'm so sorry to hear about your dog   wishing you happier days to come!
negative,I miss 'em too.
negative,"cool , i have no tweet apps  for my razr 2"
negative,I'm off too bed. I gotta wake up hella early tomorrow morning.
negative,still procrastinating... i hate organizing my clothes  there's just so much....
negative,"Just been playing with the new Mobbler v0.4.0 and it adds some great new features, but won't play music on my E71, like v0.3.5 did "
negative,oh but there's one bestie missing
negative,"time to come back to flawda for double dates! no, seriously, i'm sorry to hear that. "
negative,I'm up way to late to be working for a client 12:10 AM  #fb
negative,blegghhhh i have to go to work
negative,Back at work  John Muir Dr
negative,I emailed you yesterday and u never responded
negative,It's going to be a long year for A's fans.
negative,Just got done watching the new House episode.Definitely one of the saddest episodes ever.
negative,Man... taxes suck.  I'm horrified that i did something wrong on them.  TurboTax decided to keep around a lot of the stuff I turned off.
negative,Sleep time.  Tomorrow is gonna suck
negative,WTF Not Kutner!  Oh I'm so pissed House.  I mean really WTF
negative,i know i dont know why i said that
negative,CASH RULES EVERYTHING AROUND ME
negative,Just picked up some oats from the market to eat for breakfast with my boy now time to do work at USC... late night
negative,i feel sick  too much icecream
negative, this computer doesn't have shockwave...blah  no account yet
negative,awww wish i could go! but its in sydney
negative,hahaha suriously! I feel like everyone knows this show is a joke except lc!
negative,"I just can't spell today, i totally suck "
negative,are you vaccinated against chicken-pox?should I vaccinate my 3 yr old?I am SO confused about this damn thing
negative,school  at least last day!!!!!!
negative,Yawwwn! Gotta get up early tomorrow  who's ready for the weekend???
negative,i miss being at home for calving season...sad that black one died this morning  wish i had some bottle calves!
negative,i so sorry for your loss. my brother dog sam is sick w/cushings disease.
negative,Back to work. I get to spend the next 8 hours alone in the dispatch room
negative,"there's a new kind of starburst: favereds. sounds fab, bc cherry and strawberry are MY fav red's but they added watermellon and its yucky "
negative,"Well, so much for being productive on my 2 days off from Angels "
negative,Oh gee - insomnia sucks   Have you tried melatonin?
negative,Good to hear that we have support in NetBeans. But then its NetBeans you know
negative,I wish we would get it the same time at the rest of world. unfornately I am in Cairo and have to wait for mtva to play it
negative,heartbroken over little sandra. prayers are with the family.
negative,"I'm at 900 words, it's all can do  I'll finish tomorrow maybe"
negative,how come ur background covers the screen but mine is in the corner?
negative,"Wrote exactly three lines of dialogue tonight, then gave up. "
negative,My only complaint about Facebook is they've changed it so much it's confusing
negative,Sliced my finger
negative,going thru town and traffic on bypass is stink
negative,Ugh can't sleep.  Wish i had a good cuddle to  Make me ass out
negative,I hate when software update downloads updates without telling me. I never know what's downloading when it is
negative,went to ihop again. Great for a diet   At least there were no kung foo pancakes this time. -Rachel-
negative,The internet is hating me. Night i s'pose.
negative,I'm so jealous.  I missed all of opening day this year
negative,It's so cruel having to wait for reviews to come in.  So far it looks like Star Trek will be the best film of the year!
negative,"Debating if I should just shower now, so I can sleep a little later tomorrow "
negative,My stress always culminates with physical pain.
negative,need to sleep. but cant
negative,my little pinky finger hurts so much..
negative,I'm sorry your gift card ran out.... That suck.
negative,home for spring break. no one is home tho
negative,I accessed oneindia.mobi from a Google phone (Android). It doesn't support Indic languages
negative,Why does school take over your life so much you don't get sleep anymore  .. I am still doing school work and have more to do as well
negative,aw I wish I could! I can't really speak to my yia yia because she doesn't speak english
negative,no free comp lol
negative,getting ready to clean the house from top to bottom
negative,crying  my friend is moving away tomorrow
negative,STOP NOMNOMS!!!! ..you didn't share!  Night peoples!!
negative,"thinks she is getting a cold that she caught from Daddy.  Oh no, my trip would be ruined. "
negative,yeah  is it bcoz kal penn is a visiting lecturer somewhere n cant be on the show anymore? im gonna miss him
negative,So the procrastination starts early in the quarter. I don't want to reaaaaad and write a paper
negative,What? Apparently it's 52 degress at 11pm in Washington State. I miss winter already
negative,being bored at homee
negative,massage was great. i just spilled coke all over my desk  lame. watching the simpsons as i've finished all my hills dvds.
negative,I will wait for you at fanclub chat.. even tough you're not my favorite
negative,has a mild left inner ear infection.. and its got this irritating &quot;blocked&quot; feeling since sunday..
negative,Hey there! Nope. My cuteness is away for awhile
negative,It's only tuesday
negative,Haha not even yo. I just didn't know how to do that to you on twitter  Haha
negative,Someones alarm clock or a phone woke me up at 3am...Still got my headache from yesterday night
negative,awww poor puppy is she ok?
negative,i might break down and eat some buffalo wings tomorrow
negative,"Sittin here w/Kayla, I really really reallly dis-like having a brother.  He doesn't know when to stop. I'm waiting for the day when one of"
negative,Fed bokkie too many birthday treats-sicko
negative,"'s Kinda Bummed. An Agency Just Told Me That I Didn't Have The 'LOOK' That They Were Going For. Ladies, Please Help Me Create The 'LOOK' "
negative,Work laptop is officially dead .. Not happy at all..
negative,"My goodness, it's freezing down here !!!!! "
negative,why do you put up with him!!!!!  You should listen to your mom
negative,is stucked in Paris and can't even travel into France (for work)
negative,"i don't think there's one close by. Last time I checked, the closest one was 70 miles away! "
negative,aaaaand back to my literature review  At least i have a friendly cup of coffee to keep me company.
negative,I am worried that I won't get my $900 even though I paid a buttload of tax last year !
negative,"Okay, so.. STILL NO SCHOOL!!!! "
negative,IS PHONELESS  ...NOW OFF TOO SLEEP
negative,"Reeked of alcohol at the dentist this morning + was drunk when i put on my tshirt, realised it had a huge stain. Dentist looked disgusted "
negative,it is really cold
negative,cant sleep  she wants to dream!!
negative,Can't sleep  I hate these nights when I try to go to bed early and stay awake for hours. Poo!
negative,Yeah. Too bad people like a certain burrito-eating man exist.
negative, that's sad.
negative,just found out that my mum  and my adopted auntie are on twitter.. check them out my mum is TessM64 and my awesome as auntie is tania38
negative,"Cannot sleep....WIDE AWAKE!!...and I gotta go to work later too. Boy, am I going to have a crappy day. "
negative,struggling with eam law
negative,Why can't I sleep like her
negative,Bouts to start 24. Poor linny couldn't keep her eyes open.  she tired and has to work tomorrow morning. Night
negative,My 4 year old (18 year old) is driving me around the twist...i don't want to be like this
negative,"Well, that sucked. "
negative,i have to be out of my place in 3 days...any help i can get packing/painting/cleaning is much appreciated. oh. and RIP my wall
negative,"Opening a partially frozen beer= Beer on the toaster, under the oven and all over the counter. The kitchen smells like we run a speakeasy "
negative,no  i dont even know how to ride it
negative,"sadly, yes. i think i need counciling now "
negative,"making myself ready for school...don't feel like going, but have two tests "
negative,Smugness gone. My train also failed to turn up so I'm heading for Victoria followed by an unpleasant tube ride to the City.
negative,Anybody know where my iPod went?
negative,"aww this earthquake in Italy has made me sad  just saw the pics on the news, it's terrible."
negative,never been able to afford to get them out. I'd much rather go through the extraction than continue with what I deal with now.
negative, Why do other pet care people try to run others out of business? Or send suspicious e-mails fishing for info?
negative,&lt;33 codez....they've been MIA tho
negative,doesnt work on my cell  go to sleep! =P
negative,it's going to be nice again tomorrow and then the rain comes back. no nice weather for my birthday
negative,rock band is hard..on expert!!!
negative,roomie was home all day. All he had to do was scratch at the door. Comforter has to goto large laundromat machines.
negative,"One of the hardest thing with this schedule, no one I can chat with at the end of my day usually "
negative,they killed off a character on one of my favorite shows and now i'm upset
negative,jealous of my friends who got to see the new Star Trek film in Austin tonight.
negative,Listening to Q! I got a really bad headache and a drivin lesson in ten mins.... Lucky me  i just wana sleeep!
negative,"SHUT UP you...I am hungry! And in Britain, home of the most boring suckassy breakfast in the world!  I MISS DENNYS!!"
negative,good morning everybody! pkoi y fais pas beau  bon coffee time!
negative,work again
negative,Essay time....
negative,hey did u talk to mom.. r they home yet? i hope they r ok.. wish i was coming home 4 easter..
negative,"I sure wish I could go with you guys tmrw. But as per usual, school interferes. "
negative,say what??? kal penn's leaving house?! noooooo!!! awww... i totally missed it tonight
negative,no! i lost a loyal
negative,played another hand very bad and lost half my stack
negative,It's 6.20pm - early days in a looooooong night at work
negative,It's sad it's the last season.  I wanna see when Spencer calls Lauren!
negative,So Im done editing &quot;The Phipstape&quot;. Back 2 crack a brew and see what we got............. no trees though
negative,i don't know what half of that means
negative,homework homework homework
negative,"worked his heart out today, doubling my weight at each station. Result: Stiff and pulled muscles... OUCH! "
negative,now i feel bad for unfollowing.
negative,"So... Tired... God I hate the new job, and only two days in "
negative,Sad about Kutner being killed off my fav show House!
negative,happy for Coach Stringer (HOF c/o 2009!)...now if I can only finish my term paper on her
negative,I feel like shit. This is NOT the way I want to spend my birthday's eve
negative,"so far i have 311 on all my sites put together,  most of them were me checking out the updates i made......"
negative,has a lot on her mind. I needs to make some moneys. And ideas. Nowhere is hiring!
negative,miss you
negative,I'm so sorry to hear about your dog
negative,Too much internet. How it plagues me
negative,i miss my ex soo much
negative,Sodding M25
negative,oh I thought the pirate bay trial verdict was today :-s apparently it's in 10 days
negative,call me back.
negative,"is in study hall now, and i will log off immediately.
negative,it so tired that im crying for no reason at all. im about to try to get an hour and a half in for tonight. half what i got last night.
negative,"I totally have like...  four girl options, and none of them seem viable "
negative,"so far i have 311 veiws on all my sites put together,  most of them were me checking out the updates i made......"
negative,Listening to Bjork's All is full of Love... crying
negative,"Omg the hills! Then I love money2, aww I think becky buckwild goes "
negative,is craving for some tantan nabe
negative,C'mon sean man
negative,Watching &quot;a league of their own&quot;...makes me miss mint chocolate ice cream cones and my grand ma  fuck.
negative,"Lost my phone some where.maybe in the grass, its just so long, hope it doesn't rain "
negative,hope you aren't referring to me  say hello to your new stalker LOL
negative,why were u sleeping?! Ur gonna be up all night now  how was ur bike ride?
negative,"But, but, but . . I wanna listen to the masters too!  "
negative,"I've been looking about for good stuff to write, but also been doing loads of uni work "
negative,i feel unloved. dropped 2 tweeters
negative,"Off to London for the day on Thursday, it's gonna be raining, oh fab  won't see much on the London Eye! Still Robbie won't care bless him"
negative,Completely wiped and reloaded the 8900.... Lost all BBM contacts    Going to bed sad.
negative,sayyyy whaaaa? I wasn't invited...
negative,Didn't sleep too bad considering I have a workshop starting today. Beginnings of a sore throat though
negative,oh my gosh that made me emotional haha idk why!!! i dont want to get old
negative,We're going to post some stories manually due to Twitterfeed problem. That's why we've been so quiet lately ....
negative,i don't like lukewarm showers
negative,- Who should I contact if I need a 1099 for freelance work I did on Linux.com throughout 2008? Never got one.
negative,"connor, it's me, febi  are you really really mad at me??"
negative,"Need some help?! Want to buy a Macbook pro, but still inlove with my old powerbook! "
negative,man america is so .. borez anyway lol i just realized you sent me msgs on here. i had no idea. i have no flash
negative,g'knight lovely ladies. i'm sleepy now
negative,Does anybody know how to get your electrolytes back in order? With a vitamin work? I feel sick.
negative," yes, someone hasn't been reading my posts properly  "
negative,Almost through with my Italian homework!  Weeeeee.... now if I only understood what I was doing.
negative,Who turned the lights on? It will be time to get ip then
negative,Twitter hates us both then.
negative,I hate the fact that I'm genuinely excited about my last tweet
negative,i can't sleep either
negative,"Between that and the Italy earthquake, it's been a very sad news day. "
negative,all rain today  . Garden really needs it so not quite so bad.
negative,Yawn yawn yawn!! 10 more minutes in bed
negative,ouch - sounds very sucky
negative,Great idea with the iTunes promo codes - they don't work in the UK iTunes store though
negative, *cry*
negative,"An empty rum barrel is a sad rum barrel. *shakes head* the horror, the horror.  "
negative,It was a sleepless night
negative,she admitted to being a fake
negative, i love chutney......
negative,got highly bored today scanning 24 pages for daddy. Had to do it!
negative,you cooked risotto without me!!???
negative,Keeeerrrrriiiiii!!!!  I really have nothing better to do then post on this thing at 224am.....wonderfullll. Says alot.
negative,YAY FOR BASEBALL SEASON! boo to yankees losing their first game
negative,LOST sucks  ... because i have to work today
negative,omg exams killed me  how could i not know the difference between haif a circle and a hemisphere &lt;/3 &gt;
negative,In bed... I suddenly feel  I wish MA was here w/me... Goodnight TwitterFam
negative,I don't like goodnights
negative,Greaaat my lappy won't turn on  wtffffff
negative," You stuck in traffic then? My journey was traffic free this morning, if it's any help."
negative,Lookin like an all-nighter. I hate it when I do this to myself
negative,You're a stranger
negative,"Debbugging old VB6 code, the day could have started better . . .  "
negative,only a quarter of a percent babe  darn
negative,"Coming down with a cold or bad allergies. Either way, I'm miserable! "
negative,"Can't believe Cutner is dead on House! Sad day.  in Santa Rosa, CA
negative,Damnit I was really digging this season of Reaper
negative,"Gah, Comcast doubled our cable/internet bill w/out telling us, so we are quitting.  Can anyone suggest an affordable company in bay area?"
negative,"Another early morn with the Duchess, although she hadn't managed to cross her legs this time "
negative,you left without saying hi!
negative,"l want, but I can't sleep "
negative,"When an Xbox shows those three red lights, it means it's dead and needs to be fixed for a month at Microsoft HQ. "
negative,"A king sized bed is nice but sad and lonely with no hubby, puppy, or kitty   I am over this whole conferenceing thing."
negative,im boredd. gah  i wish i could just sleep and get it over with but ive had toooo muchh cooooffffeeeeeeeee  bahaha
negative,If I may butt in again.  I'm done being nosey.  sorry your conversation was just so interesting!
negative, you fell off my list...did I offend you?
negative,"18 weeks till sisters home.. i missed her call, again! its the worst feeling in the world. "
negative,gonna try to get some sleep in this hotel room
negative,brilliant idea. just bring as much as you think you'll spend &amp; I'll swap you. bring a brolly
negative,Get me an autograph and shout out! You have to record it though. My computer is dead so I can't listen.
negative,rt Khloe just got fired from the Apprentice
negative,in biology class. my lip hurts
negative,Sorry for the next tweet...
negative,Grr not down to go to school today
negative,I had to get an HD tivo and just got it set up tonight in order to get channels 40 - 59.
negative,i asked everyone how they were doing yesterday and not a single tweet back
negative,ruddy money!! i like it!! still waiting here.... oh what a surprise... by state too?? hmmm....... seriously!!
negative,I am so sad  Kutner was my favorite of the new team!!
negative,wow i didn't get an &quot;hello&quot; u suck
negative,"bedtime, school tomorrow, and i still have no books  being broke suckssss"
negative,Seating here helping my baby with his papers...well he is forcing me too seat with him  im sleepy
negative,Synching my contacts from my old mobile to iPhone. Import does not work well
negative,i can't concentrate
negative,I've just spent 1 hour to enter all the bureaucratic nonsense for March. What a waste of my time
negative,Nw more confused then ever!
negative,"Not feeling well again. Stupid migraine making my tummy upset.  and my whole body aches, shoot me now."
negative,Reading Buyology before bedtime... great premise but only turning out to be an &quot;OK&quot; book - lots of info I already knew
negative,"Home! I really wana sleep, but due to wasting my free line in town I have an assignment to finish "
negative,I also send some updates in plurk but i upload photos on twitter!  you didnt see any of my updates on plurk? Zero?
negative,omg... &quot;The Reader&quot; is making me
negative,"d'oh! At least you're getting a decent exchange rate at the moment, sterling is still getting flogged "
negative,tried to download tweetdeck but it wont download
negative,There's an inch of snow on the ground (and counting). I'm worried about the poor flowers
negative,why aren't you a happy camper?
negative,"thanks man.  I'm so very grateful.  I feel unworthy of such attention, though, because I'm in this because of myself... "
negative, i miss u too. i'm totally comin back tho! Lastnight was sooooooo much fun!
negative,ohhh. I love it. ps I'm sad we didn't get to hang out
negative,And somehow I still end up in this place
negative,"oh that is very sad, poor boy. "
negative,"Um, that would be a hell no to the fugly poker dog pants on the cruise!  Hi Jonathan, sorry I missed you "
negative,I'm doing my homework. It's gosh darn hard!!
negative,definitely no vacation for me...
negative,'study group extraordinare' about to leave campus...some of torts outline finished-good thing-but sleepy as h*#be back7am
negative,"Why can't airfare go down? Or, why do I have to live in Texas!! I don't know if I'll be able to make it to Iowa. "
negative,I found it pretty frustrating. stupid monkeys
negative,"but Im not feeling well, mommy... "
negative,"Nope, I'm Right Along Wit' You! "
negative,so a murder? gotcha.  Cant believe it
negative,i'm sitting at my house and i'm sooo not looking forward to my one class tomorrow.
negative,"Ordered some maternity clothes online, which came today. I got something strange I didn't order, not in my size. And stuff is missing. "
negative,
negative,I wish I could! Gotta work though
negative,what happened to you on Saturday? You didnt show up...
negative,
negative,Can't fall asleep
negative,I have mouth ulcer  so painful to talk and eat!
negative,"Urgh, it was just the video, and they cut the Robots part!!! "
negative,my dog can't move anymore. praying that he will be okay
negative,you were pretty much my fave...not much reason to watch now
negative,but tht's annoying &amp;definitely not bitchy enough  he def broke like everything in me. he prolly doesn't even kno oct. 5!
negative,hahaha dont be like that one time in NY when you got 30 mins of sleep then got sick  love you!!
negative,I can't! I have so much to learn about WWI by tomorrow at noon!
negative,New Post!
negative,I am sad about Innocent selling out too!
negative,dang won't be able to get to any workshops run by web directions
negative,"goodness me, how did you find me?? it's good to hear from you Ben! I still have your video game and book...I apologize "
negative,Jap girls ? They're leaving!
negative,my poor little girl has a baaaad rash on her bum and isnt feeling good
negative,yes! we had the VHS. i cried when the old man died
negative,"Argh, got up early for Girls Aloud on Freshly Squeezed and it was just the video "
negative,"#travian Total cost of the atk for the aggressor: 273,310 resources all said and done. I'm guessing he's not going to let that slide. "
negative,waiting for kelly's call.
negative,"mhm, not having a good day  blah blah blah"
negative,"I GOT THE I CAN HAS CHEZBURGER BOOK FROM THE LOBO, AND YOU ARE NOT HERE TO LOOK AT IT WIF ME "
negative,"I'm trying to work on my last assignment of the year, but I just can't get that spark. All I want to do is lay in the grass and read. "
negative,ugh of course not  Just thursday and friday..sat I have both kids
negative,OH MY GOSH. I'M STILL ~EMOTIONALLY~ DYING AT THE FACT THAT KUTNER'S GONE! Arggg.  Kal ily.
negative, I think I found my face...unfortunately. You didn't find yours yet?
negative,seeing that shouldnt have made my stomach flip like it did
negative,Headache... Pleeeease go away
negative,yeah i do. i have an application that runs every few minutes to do that but its the add-ons. they conflict all the time
negative,Pretty good coaching with exceptional talent trounces exceptional coaching and pretty good talent. MSU
negative,I hate Tuesdays
negative,it's her &quot;hair&quot; I can't deal with
negative,Feel like I'm stuck in a rut. Waiting to hear back from schools is killing me.  Also decided to take a break from #wow for awhile.
negative,i need new glasses...mines is hangnon 1 arm
negative,Meat Week Day 3: Tummy hurts every night
negative,Why isn't there a &quot;fake&quot; Verruca on Twitter?... Now i'm sad.
negative,On the phone with the bestie than shower.. Confused I don't know what to do
negative,"Aww poor froofroo, this is way too late for you "
negative,i miss my 808 fam
negative,she sed puerto rican
negative,your not thinking of selling are you?
negative,"Yeah. I always slow down at the end  'also, take that! I win."
negative,"i wanna go, but I am only 20!!!! "
negative,how i mss the snippet hun?..wts it of may i ask?..i wanna hear
negative,"I know! Big love, true blood and united states of tara have too long of waits between seasons! "
negative,I wanna go to lamb of god
negative,is sad she has lost her HN arm band...it just disappeared
negative,set my alarm to wake up... wanted to speak to my sis in Africa on Skype - I miss her sooo much
negative,awh damn! my puppy has ticks
negative,"|H|ouse made me sad. Oh, Kutner "
negative, Why not? :[
negative,Why do I keep looking...I know that what I read is gonna hurt but I still look! I guess it's just a girl thing &amp; I need to get over him.
negative,needs hugs/snuggles...
negative,"saw the one with a GSD covered in them, and I could not stop crying. I just bawled and bawled "
negative,Rachel and jessy r making me work out  thanks you guy
negative,I'm wishing I had more time
negative,The only bit that got me really was when he said Babs was a bad mum  I'm sure that hurts her even though she's laughing.
negative,I am not wanting to go to school tomorrow.
negative,Used the term &quot;Fail Whale&quot; to a client on a pitch last night. From their incomprehension corp twitter is being done much lower in the org
negative,You hate Billy now?!
negative,On a 2-day work-week..fast-forward to Thursday please
negative,omg i love that show. i would be so mad. i feel ur pain im sorry they spoiled it for u
negative,Is it possible to die from coughing? It SUCKS being ill
negative,cant believe i have to go all the way to Barnes for work today....instead of a 5minute walk to St Johns Wood
negative,hahahahahah i can easily make ice milo but its just not the same
negative,why do both of my best friends have to be shitty simultaneously?  Can u at least take turns hurting my feelings? jerks..    going 2 sleep.
negative,My #art is regressing...
negative,I don't know the dance.
negative,im ok I guess had a hard day
negative,Jade is looking for a new home...
negative,damnnn! i missed 11:11
negative,"tweetfinder hates me  and I was having trouble with background on twitter,what do you think?"
negative,lol yeh ill be studying  stupid uni. only 2 more weeks and im on holidays! YAY! plus my birthday next week woot
negative,"&quot;SFMTA Budget Proposal Hearing: tomorrow, April 7 at 2:00 pm (City Hall, Room 400). Sadly, I cannot attend.&quot; Me neither. "
negative,is afraid that her G.I. notes will not read themselves.
negative,*Sigh* Rain??? Why did you decide to show up? Move away! You were not invited to the Tuesday-party  (this is not the start I hoped for)
negative,"_secretgarden_ I haven't gotten any porn spammers  I don't check my followers, but haven't had any tweets like that."
negative,Somebody is selling the Japan only release of my first album on E Bay for $25. Damn thats it? A classic is worth more than that!
negative,Disqus now integrates conversations on many platforms. haven't heard abt JS-Kit
negative,and they advertising fake louis bags as 100% authentic on google  i'm pissed!
negative,Can't sleep  dam naps lol... and its hot
negative,Why do I keep looking...I know that what I read is gonna hurt but I still look! I guess it's just a girl thing.
negative,"I went there about a month and a half ago, was still open then. Smelt really good, but I was getting sick "
negative,is ready to go to bed..long day tomorrow
negative,job searching.....FYI: Yahoo HOT JOBS suck! .. im never going to find a job
negative,"No electricity today, so no tweets. "
negative,Can Zack tell me how to edit my Bio/Profile? Why create a login at a different co's site to get an answer from BT TechHelp?
negative,"Morning all, starving and dying for a cuppa but can't cos off to docs for fasting blood test in a little while "
negative,Very tired this morning - no idea why! Great start to the day
negative,"Morning All, I'm back from my little break from the computer. back to work again today "
negative,At mobilityvic.org launch.  No grog  nice video from PWC though
negative,still no &quot;followers&quot;   please some1 inform me on how this works????
negative,misses him right now. i need a hug
negative,Tried to get up earlier today........didn't work out
negative,Omg revisions revisions revisions! I feel like I wasted an amazingly beautiful day today doing pointless work
negative,Foot is out of commission  ouch! Running this morning did not help...not smart.
negative,"About to shower, which I hope will wake me up at last. Oh, and the synth experiments yielded nothing last night "
negative,is really bored and really sleepy...and mad she can't find a custom lanyard maker that wont make me buy 1000000 minimum
negative,ooh nice! but williams sonoma already got to me.
negative,I've finally given in. Now at Malaysian restaurant waiting for nasi lemak and teh Tarik. Mereka tak faham bm...
negative,Waitin 4 the theory test centre 2 open
negative,"got woken up this mornng at 7am - damn Lorry , van and car accident just outside on our main road also causing car alarms to go off.  "
negative,I think I need to get laid. Sad revolution I had earlier rofl
negative,that was so sudden!!
negative,Now i want Amanita  ...someone made me feel unliving.
negative,hahahahhha!! hows your food poisening going? has it gone away?
negative,haven't heard from Hannah at all yet!! it's very disappointing
negative, everything alright?
negative,is procrastinating... i feel ill.. but don't want to go to bed.
negative,Gonna try and find a sports bar to watch that at... not got a chance though I don't think
negative,wants to go home and watch The Hills
negative,I guess I'm out of funny
negative,aww moe! I was planning on leaving tomorrow evening  are you gonna be in town by chance?
negative,"i wanna write, but i'm not cool enough to make up a storylineee. "
negative,"agreed! love the sound, but hates how everyone knows them "
negative,no art tomorrow.  and nice to see you've joined twitter!
negative,"Sigh, I think my PMS is making my mind totally over-analyse things and making me sad "
negative,I had one outside my patio. I named him Rex. Then the gardner took him down. RIP Rex
negative,Ooops. Just ate a panini from W-mart cold that says it needed to be thoroughly cooked. It didn't taste raw. I die nao from f. poisoning?
negative,Good morning for a very rainy France  No gardening for me today.
negative,"If ever there was a day for staying in bed, today is it "
negative,Got to take Cleo to the vets. Not sure what's wrong with her but she's feeling very sorry for herself.
negative,"today is day 1 of my fast &amp; i feel i may break b4 i go 2 bed  i must hold out til the end of the wk! must stayed focused, wish me luck..."
negative,Extremely jealous...
negative,Ohhhh that sucks  I love the summer set.
negative,tell it you forgot your password &amp; it will give you a new one. it's the only way I can prevent tons of spam
negative,bedtime. wake up call at 7am
negative,So glad I made it through work - with an extra hour too and my paycheck.  Still waiting on the one I lost though
negative,"Mum's been taken to hospital, they don't know what's wrong, she's been vomiting since yesterday. Rushing back to get to the hospital "
negative,congested nose
negative,Can't sleep. Need to talk to someone.
negative,"por favor decime ke no estas involucrado en esa pagina nicatrolls, they're THE CANCER that's killing /b/ "
negative,"too cold and tired to write good twitter. everyone was obeying the cops tonight, total dissappointment. we were so close "
negative,Lifee Gets Worsee &amp;&amp; Worsee
negative,- I am shuddering and shaking too
negative,"Sorting brekkie for the kids then off to the horrible place called work, boohoo "
negative,my condolences to natasha richardson's family
negative,what do don't think ily?? nawwww
negative,Where's Derrick
negative,Needs to stop sleeping all day.. Causes some problems when you're wide awake at 2:45am...
negative,missed today's ELLEN
negative,I suddenly miss my Flintstones vitamin tablets  SOOOO GOOOOD
negative,legitimately good cops out there
negative,Twitter's been doing that to me tooo.
negative,I think I need to go to Twitterholics Anonymous......
negative,we haven't heard from her or sha.
negative,my heart has been broken.
negative,i forgot how to sleep
negative,Morning everyone! In serious need of some decent coffee.. why isn't the catering open yet at 08.30?
negative,Im sorry I've failed you
negative,oh wait he does have 1 in Oakland on the 18th. Can't understand why he only has 1 &amp; in Oakland
negative,is missing talking to my bff on da phone!!!!
negative,wondering why I am so stupid  Need to eat more fish I guess *sigh*...
negative,i miss my old friends from elementary ans middle school
negative,please fix this  because it brakes all external twitter avatar searches
negative,looks like i've missed out on yet another job  someone please employ me! Haha
negative,"dang, I'll get HOUSE off iTunes. I hear it was a devastating episode "
negative,Wow.... the shout box has kicked me out and I can't get back in. I guess this means good night
negative,Slideshare's embed code is annoying me.  Sorry about the tiny embed  #fail
negative,Why did my baby have to eat 3 prunes today and now he finally went ! My poor baby
negative,I'am bored. Nothing to do!
negative,morning all - 1st appointment of the day - the dentist !
negative,"he wrote most of the album, but ironically, the singles he did not write "
negative,Someone PLEASE take Gossip Girl away from me. I'm addicted
negative,good night swetdreamss to everyonee   and jared never chat in kyte puff
negative,Horrible sore throat  hurts
negative,"Time to get dressed, I suppose...gah another workday "
negative,"Not to self: licking off pudding from a seafood fork, not so enjoyable as slowly licking off of a spoon "
negative,All ready to go to the premier and just realized how under dressed I am
negative,It just makes me happy! over and over again. I wish I wan't afraid to fly
negative,awwwww bummerr...sorry missed it again
negative,Waking up to the sound of jackhammers is not a pleasant way to start the day.
negative,i'm off now
negative,"that just totally made my night, LMAO. They were like screaming at me and I couldn't focus on the 900 mph song "
negative,Nevada is really long and the gas pumps are down   But on a good note I just won $5 in a slot machine!!  I love to gamble!!!
negative,nope. baby's due in 5th may! getting closer but still 1001 things not done
negative,headache
negative,is still effinggggg sick  when will i get better?! ughh
negative,Still in bed and don't want to do anything else. University is callung too loud
negative,seattle is in tents! i miss my T.O. peepz tho
negative,It just makes me happy! over and over again! I just wish I wasn't afraid to fly
negative,Errrggggg! My tummy hurts.
negative,"thought it would be interesting to get F1 updates from Twitter, slightly regretting the decision, I can't see anyone elses's updates "
negative,ripped switcheasy colors
negative,We failed that song
negative, poor mel. Feeling your pain.
negative,Ugh. still working on project  just taking a small break
negative,The one day I have to go to school is the same day something exciting happens at parliament square
negative,Shockingly not!
negative,"Today was a less interesting day on Twitter. , , and were all kind of quiet today "
negative,awww thanks.. i hate being sick
negative,VIP guests today -________-&quot;   blohheeee       I HATE it
negative,Up early
negative,WHAT THE FUCK YOUKU  I WANT TO WATCH SKINS.
negative,i forgot my phone in my car but i'm too scared to go outside and get it.
negative,I totally forgot we were going to do fisheye 2night   What u doing Thursday....  Btw.... I'm so late with the hills... LOL
negative,totally shocked by the episode of house this eveing  Lost one of my favorite characters.
negative,seeing a doctor i hope?
negative,didn't pass the first part of the CSET  I missed it by 5 effing points!
negative,"the 2G cases were like that. But scratches don't void your warrenty, dents do... As I found out "
negative,"I have chapped lips, boo "
negative,ye im not  very sad...but weirdly enough shes lettin me go 2 da party?? how confusing parents r?? lol
negative,no chance of that coming back when it'd be 20 mins faster than the Javelins though
negative,bored and lonely
negative,Back to classic rainy Amsterdam days
negative,feels like crying that's how sick i feel
negative,Me toooooo! I feel like I've been on the verge of an anxiety attack all day.
negative,"I woke up an hour ago ... Now I'm having a hard time going back to bed  in Lakewood, CA
negative,Going to sleep with lily and rocki &lt;3 Johnathon is too busy watching batman movies
negative,sigh me too  mostly i midd hsnging out with my friends damn growing up : p
negative,*lol i wish i only had bad sync. in germany right now where the subtitles dont work at all.  lol
negative,I'm sorry.   Maybe walking around all goofy at the store would help...HINT HINT! &lt;3
negative,Did the heroics ever go through! If not sorry!
negative,im so tired this morning and there was only cold shower water!not happy
negative,"haha I've been with my grandma for 2 days. even she's about 5 houses away, I'll still miss her "
negative,clearing my desk...
negative,w/ every person there. I didn't get a pic  my phone died but he signed my shirt so amazing words cannot describe should've skipped mel lol
negative,is crying inside. Please oh please let it rain  so warm.
negative,
negative,"packing my overnight bag for tomorrow, going to the hospital "
negative,sigh me too  mostly i miss hsnging out with my friends damn growing up : p oh yeah i miss being able to spell too lol
negative,lol.  U read my bio but spelt my name wrong           DARYLO ... Ahem ;)
negative,"Guten Morgen. Up and off to get ready to go to Phantasialand, Cologne. Yay! But booooo, last park of holiday "
negative, i just saw this im sorry
negative,: just reminded me that #KrispyKreme  has landed in Msia and has an ugly website
negative, That's so sad for the goats.   Wa-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah!
negative,watching the roadworks develop outside the office that'll make me late for the next 10 weeks  #fb
negative,at work  w asma3 nawal in fe obeerate alwatan TV
negative,I wish i could go 2 bed with out having 2 take an allergy pill.
negative,I heard them making announcements trying to find them. The mother looked so worried.
negative,I have to work alone on Saturday    ...anyone wanna come keep me company? COUGH COUGH.
negative,ok... maybe i'll sleep for an hour or two. Then I MUST rise to work on my thesis
negative,goodd nightt  sweet dreams to everyonee   jared neveerr chat on kyte   lol
negative,"I heard Timewarp was fantastic! Gutted I missed it, was playing egg "
negative,"Wishing it wasn't 245 in the morning.  sleeping is awesome, work is not, and I need to scrub my apt!"
negative,"I had that a while back ( and I know some other people that have too "
negative,hi steven! man it's only been a week and i'm ALREADY behind on school work
negative,run was great thanks. Is very windy today so bike ride not an option this morning
negative,Yes i did. That's a sad topic for me! haha... I am not going to the concert... It's very far and probably very expensive
negative,couple of mt texts didn't arrive here
negative,"decided to rejoin aerobics cos I know I won't exercise if i don't. after paying for it, i only have RM3 left in my bag "
negative,aw i'm fine too thanks! yeah i miss you so much on the MFC  but hope we can talk later on today  kisses :huglove:
negative,looks interesting but lot of 500 errors on the documentation website
negative,You were my favorite.  You did an excellent job.
negative,This breaks my heart Navy Seal Marcus Luttrell's doggy   I am filled with rage.
negative,argh ive eaton so so much today
negative,zurich does not have smelly bags anymore
negative,"in the university, in the classroom, on the computer... shit my day is boring "
negative,I want to get back in bed
negative,Sorry you missed it
negative,Worst burn of my life! so sick
negative,"So funny because I watched 'Only The Strong' today, what are the chances? I miss Capoeira   Zoom Zoom!"
negative,It's official! I'm going to have an educational summer. Owh God. Bless me
negative,your phone doesn't like it  sorry
negative,too much to do  not enough motivation
negative,nooo brat. to the west coast hahaa quite making me sad
negative,"oh everyone is going to sleep, how much i wish i could  its only 4.45pm, and im work!"
negative,"One thing I hate about dozing off in lects, I wake up to a sheaf of wet and badly smudged notes. "
negative,Sleepy head.. chances of actually sleeping? Slim to FUCKING NONE!
negative,Where has all my money gone?!
negative,Now I'm down to 10% battery!
negative,just watched the trailer for adventureland on itunes looks so funny!! pity i don't think we get it in Australia
negative,"I'm so tired, have to get up and go in to school during holidays for the 3rd time  xxx"
negative,"OMG, more than 360 people is the death toll in Italy "
negative,layin down...i dont feel well
negative,Aww how depressing!
negative, ditch in another parish. Some really sick people in this world.
negative,"Yo jimo i cant talk on aim anymore, its glitching  ill cya later and i hope u see this"
negative,I just gave an msu fan a car rental discount.. He looked so sad I just couldn't turn him away..
negative,"ordered a pita...it NEVR came! why they say the fax machine broke and the driver left, what about my empty BELLY "
negative,Britney was fucking amazing!! After we just went back to the hotel...I hate travelling with cheapos.
negative,"some people try to be tricky, some stop using twitter at all  i guess it's as good as it gets! i had to try."
negative,now I am sad cos u r sad
negative,I tried.....and failed
negative,I'm looking at mine And I can't even get to it... School work sucks...atleast when u get home that's it  LOL
negative,AC/DC rocked last night. Back to reality today.  70000 people without homes and &gt;150 dead in Italy
negative," Oh well, she seems like trouble. Christian Slater is trying to kill her at the moment."
negative,Hoping I can get some decent sleep tonight since I didn't get any worth shittt last night  Goodnight World! XOXO
negative,i want diana F+. it looks great...
negative,i've got one of those spots that doesn't really show yet but hurts like hell and will no doubt be a beauty tomorrow
negative,hehehe too bad they were separated
negative,Babe aint callin
negative,"heh, yeah, I shakily conquered the ladder. Pointless job, tho. We're too far away to receive digital signal w/ antenna. "
negative,"Good morning, hope everyone is feeling better than me.... this cold has really got hold now "
negative,"Train rammed, fellow commuters vile . Special derision reserved for the man who appeared out of nowhere to claim 'his' seat. Luggage rack "
negative,I will miss you on the show... you were awesome!  What a shock!!
negative,talking to a boy  hating work though
negative,someone keep me up....im at work
negative,please don't leave. stay for grant's bday
negative,yeaah I hate that!
negative,the only bad thing about aids is you can only catch it once  Id want to inflict more pain on the deadshits of this world.
negative,whats wrong!
negative,"Off to bed now, sick n can't sleep but will try w/ help of meds :s "
negative,Blip.fm is down...I'm going back to normal tweeting for a while.
negative,I get sad when ppl shave their moustaches  I don't know if I'd cry about it tho
negative,Oh my gosh... Oh my gosh...Susy is going to kill me with her remedy.
negative,Finally going to sleep and waking up early to study
negative,I miss my friends from elementary and middle school
negative,"Balls  Although without the tunes, it's just a holiday then ;-)"
negative,chick corea was tonight...and I missed it  ...now she sobs
negative,I'm going to love this season of the hills... I can tell!  Spartans sucked.    Goodnight!!
negative,needs to study for quant and do legal process assessment for 2moro
negative,"i canceled it, with plane tickets, hotel stay and tickets.. it was close to $400 if we eat cheaply.   man i soooo want to see O!"
negative,"that sounds fair horrible.  i was going to repeat myself, but i guess the text I just sent you would do it better. whee."
negative,"aw, that suuuucks  Sorry dear!"
negative,Yeah! Interview... Don't know even when it is...
negative,"So ur just gonna delete me like that...Y do I feel like &quot;Tom Cruise&quot; on Jerry Maguire when he got fired right now, yo.  LOL!"
negative,had the worst dream abt some turd face i used to date... ugh. it was awful.
negative, ouch I can just imagine a toothpic in the eye or something
negative,uh...I feel so lonely  I wish my BFFWIAMC (Best Friend Forever Who Is Also My Cousin) has a Twitter
negative,Why do people keep following me and then randomly stop?  It makes me sad!
negative,Still feeling bleh... Spew burps and all
negative,hot deadline...
negative,"has to return the shirt she bought from Topshop bc she has $50 in her bank account that has to last her the rest of the month, life sucks "
negative,woke up at 6am  far too early...more coffee then
negative,is tooooooooo cold.
negative,Why is it raining tomorrow night after it was sooo nice today?!  Guess I should be thankful that I was able to enjoy it at least.
negative,Michael Crichton
negative,CURSE MY SLOW INTERNET. I miss YouTube
negative,feels a headache coming on!
negative,You're one letter alway!    Koreans don't use &quot;X&quot; so there's no hope for me.
negative,Working on the Holy Week
negative,haha nope. i guess nothing is original these days
negative,"Lots of revision to do tonight too for my final assessments. More assessments today as well, 90% pass mark is harsh "
negative,all thats stapling chipped my nails
negative, is cold
negative,we passed by the border
negative,"Chewie update. OCD in left legs fixed, but possible OCD in Right leg as well, and worse still hip dysplasia in both hips  Not good..."
negative,Just got back from the hospital. BF's nephew might have meningitis
negative,Chi?u nay h?p chu?n b? t? ch?c m?y s? ki?n ? tr??ng ! Bao nhi'u vi?c
negative,is coldd
negative,Please watch this vid and tell me if you are not moved
negative,Boo another day at work  but only 3 to go then 3 days off ; )
negative,driving to schiphol. apperantly I am not the only one. Stuck around aalsmeer
negative,Not anymore  how does Daisy manage to take up 75% of the bed?
negative,do u write back on twitter? i miss ya garee...  x
negative,"Getting changed in the hopes that, that means we can go to the store now!  Poor cat is out of food...oops. "
negative,I'm in pain
negative,"Haha. Yeah, they were that band from MMC! I used to have a CD, but I lost it. "
negative,i miss my bcd friends
negative,But that requires assembly! Assembly is completely overrated tonight. This is harder than I thought
negative,On a diet.... Woke up 2day Hungry
negative,oooh *heads high killin 'em wit da no* lol didn't think so..  but u don't really know me yet I'm a good tucker inner haha
negative,I hate cooking dinner
negative,you aren't connected with me back...so I can't DM you...
negative,My compassion to the people in italy! My mother is calling with our relatives in Italy right now
negative,"Wait, what? Sick? "
negative,did they play polite dance song?? only my fav. please dont say they did. or course they did.   damn me!
negative,I need to find a battery for an Elinchrom Ranger.  Nobody in Canada has any in stock
negative,So now it's just a wait &amp; see game. I fall asleep &amp; it might or might not be there when I wake.
negative,Off to London today
negative,Smile like you mean it. Wow. This song brings back memories. Still can't sleep.
negative,we should talk about this australia issue..
negative,"I was woken up from a deep sleep just to be let go for Mad Max.  Not happy. And now, i can not sleep! "
negative,"Sorry, was getting ready.  Going to leave at 8am today."
negative,Got a speeding ticket
negative,he is an ass. .. .. .. hM ..  did you watch the first episodeee? i freakin missed it
negative,but not good for me close to my current challenge
negative,"But the international font looks ugly. Going back to original font. After all, who'd tweet in malayalam "
negative,doing some business studies revision
negative,misses David actually
negative, How freakin cool is that? Why doesnt shit like that happen to me?
negative,I can't believe it. I got my answer and didn't have to ask the question.  This feels awful.
negative,Won't be tweeting much tonight   Maybe all tweets will come out in form of Tweet vomit later at about 1 in the morning.
negative,I think I need to get laid. Sad revolution I had earlier rofl
negative,Txt-Chat with Jake. Lmfao. Its Frikkin Awesome! I Miss This Effin Boy So Much.  Awww. Hoping You Guys Would Come Back Here Na! ) xxxx
negative,Thank don't like it  hehe but it's very easy and well I'm just a Danish Dude
negative,"Lol, that's sweet! I bought tickets last year &amp;&amp; my PartnerInCrime flaked so I didn't end up going  but this, FOR SURE!"
negative,wha so now its 4GB! yay! haha no more laggy computers! but my mba cannot upgrade
negative,aawwwww i know what u mean. iv never been that girl with a sense of humor
negative,ME...I'm up.
negative,was super lucky to get a seat on the train. We pay '?0 for this 25 min journey.
negative,Bet I-  Oh wait Mac?  No prolly not.
negative,"My navel piercing tore a bit when I was forcing my dog into the bed of my truck.  MY FAULT, I know.    It looks to be healing.  Yay!"
negative,"wow! i got sick out of nowhere  and now i cant think straight....and mtv hasnt posted the hills online, wtf!"
negative,Just woke up. Apples gig was ace last night. Seriously tired now. Work begins in one hour...
negative,"Today's episode of &quot;House&quot; (Episode, Simple Explanation) was so heartbreaking. "
negative,I'm frankly disappointed and offended that there is a blogger writing AGAINST FU Penguin
negative,wooo yeah! Sorry to hear you missed out on Origin tickets
negative,Gooood mooorning world. I had a dream last night I fucked my knee again  Def need to kick start my strengthening ready for Bournemouth 7s!
negative,I need some selsun blue...pretty sure i have a small spot of haole rot
negative,I think im coming down with something.
negative,re newing my twitter
negative,about that... I am gonna be in mexico
negative,ps I woke up this morning and I cant access any websites!  or I havent cleaned my computer completely
negative,"Hates hearing his girl being ill, nothing I can do though "
negative,"I know they have trouble, but I never heard a thing. I had MANY recommendations from MrTweet. "
negative,no  mary &amp; i were going to go dress shopping tomorrow.
negative,Good morning you. Stop ignoring me just cos i said i like *cough* Take That  Am very sad now..boo hoo!
negative,Feeling light headed and gross
negative,thanks chaffie... thousand apologies. please fogive me 4 i have sinned.
negative,"Goodnight, Chels. And sorry about the major layout-delay.  &lt;3"
negative,"Oh, you were joking? Well now I'm crushed! I was totally gonna stand in the middle of a field and wave my arms! "
negative,Is waitin for th break down service as somethin fallen of my car. I've got my hot water bottle with me. Feel such a twat
negative,all in the middle if the night. I've committed myself to installing windows 7 with boot camp but I'm already having issues
negative,"Ah man- so sad, his cousin committed suicide yest and she was 8 months pregnant  - can you imagine... we been crying non stop... "
negative,damn its down.
negative,Megan equals Murder.
negative,poor Sandra Cantu. My heart goes out to her family and friends. Rest in Peace Little One!
negative,morning all. v. groggy this morning....
negative,I feel soooo bad for my doglet!  She is not understanding why her mouth is so sore!  Poor little thing
negative,Why oh why do I watch videos of people dying RIGHT BEFORE I'm going to sleep?
negative,why luke worral doesnt have twitter?
negative,haha you better watch those two. They might actually kill each other.
negative,twitter is a lot less interesting since cute people suddenly stopped flirting with me
negative,My stomach is feeling satisfied now......been starving for 2 hours.
negative,is very disappointed.
negative,"I nearly spoiled myself for House, did just a teeny bit, saw a name, but then it went away via link.  I won't be terribly surprised now.  "
negative,
negative,ya i was basically screwed. just rewrote it  i will seriously go with you if you want! i dont know anyone else who wants to goo!
negative,LMAOOO mornin baybeeee. Don't lie?! A peaceful journey?! My train is straight boring  not even a hooded teef in sight.
negative,I wish I had someone to talk to. I'm so upset.  no one likes me anyway
negative,hommmmeeworrkkk  boooo hope you fellas had a good night
negative,I wish I'd known that there were more tickets earlier. Rang this arvo - one left but Amy would end up sitting alone. Sigh  Too Hard.
negative,"woke up to find this cold/flu/illness-type thing isn't going without a fight and, apparently, beats you up in your sleep. Sorry, keynote "
negative,"WHF?? T:SCC killed Derek Reese (Brian Austin Green), I actually liked that character! "
negative,equinux.com just crashed safari tks you!
negative,&quot;fire of anatolia&quot; is fired... costumes are destroyed... it's so poor situation
negative,"8:00am typical British morning. Cold, wet, road full of miserable angry drivers..... good times! I need a holiday "
negative,"really now, time for sleep.  dreaming of my city, more tattoos, and other great things.  waking up to early morning sociology "
negative,"Just bought Sour gummi worms, peach gummi O's, and cheeto puffs... AND a 44 ounce soda... I'm such a fat ass  Had a huge dinner too."
negative,"you and me both. I thought I found a tweetheart, but I guess not.  so the search continues.. :-""
negative,no   finished two years then had twinzzzzzzzzzzz
negative,Missed #24 and #the hills  now I have to catch up tomor.. But I have Real Housewives ugh I need to figure out my priorities
negative,"Oh, and it's officially my birthday. Happy 23rd birthday to me! *looks around* Yet no one is here to wish it to me  Erik's in bed."
negative,Needs the motivation to get dressed and go to work I hate training
negative,Didn't make it by here today.   They are saying we will have snow tomorrow. WTF?  It is Tennessee.  It doesn't even snow here in winter.
negative,I just had two people stop following me
negative,Tried to fix hubby's computer. It didn't come with disks and now windows key won't work.  might have to buy it (like we can afford that)
negative, no way!?  Ur at a game right now!?
negative,It seems that Twitter lost some updates yesterday - again!!  #twitter #fail
negative,my paronychia hurts
negative, - remember these days? neither do i. siiiiike. i miss my old body  someday soon u shall be miiiiine.
negative,back work. Had a bad start of day almost falling down the stairs  Not enjoying work yet...
negative,i &lt;3 CIGS..RIP
negative,"i'm up, so much paperwork to do today. `n i'm kinda getting sick  not fun"
negative,Just did 5km on the tready and want to die... I'm not built for running...
negative,if only I didn't work an evening/night job
negative,Need's help with this anxiety crap
negative,lol dont ask i was being nice given a ride shit started bar b cueing on the freeway  lmao i been had mine ready
negative,"Got home after 10 in the end, back in for a 9am start aswell "
negative,throat is so raw she cannot sleep....
negative,// :T I just asked my friend what piglet was (winnie the pooh.) ....seriously guys what is it
negative,i burnt my tongue on miso soup today
negative,had the worst dream abt some turd face ex.. ugh. it was awful.
negative,Longing to own a sewing machine! My Birthday is too far away!
negative,I havent slept a wink... Severe Insomnia... Arghhhh... Why!!!
negative,Lol byeee time to go
negative,"Sorry, I guess sarcasm is hard to show in 130 characters.  "
negative,"just microwaved a kashi chicken and spinach thing, and put in the Milk dvd. anyone seen it? i bet it's good. i still havent seen slumdog "
negative,Just got up i have to watch my lil' bro's ... Mom is at work
negative,oh god one of the teachers here gave me a rotten gogoma to eat.. and i'm so hungry i'm trying to eat around the bad parts  HAHAHAHA
negative,Still a got headache  . Getting ready for work
negative,"has to flip his lifestyle around, goodbye to sleeping in  and hello work at 6am!"
negative,will do  &lt;3
negative,"the hinge broke  it works, just doesn't open smoothly and it's pissing me off. I dunno I'll see if it can be fixed first."
negative,Damn it. I hate this stage of the breakup process. I miss the boy.  We had just fallen in love. DAMN IT. WHY???!!!  Poop.
negative,You were amazing Rach! Thank you for the music! I waited outside but you never showed up!  There's always the next album!
negative,no not yet
negative,i ate so many cookies that I think I'm hallucinating...
negative,i don't wanna go to work i wanna go to bed!
negative,So much for th paper.  i just woke up from my nap
negative,can do everything except add a twitter field in the comment..
negative,"I found my MADDEN '08!  in '09  ...oh well, I say Old is New Again!"
negative,is missing his favourite friend
negative,TAKIN A BREAK FROM THE CLUBS PLEASE DONT TELL ME WHERE U AT
negative,"I don't want to talk to advisors, they don't advise, the judge your arse off "
negative,down to 2 packs of moroccan mint tea...and a whole truckloads of kenyan tea.
negative,- I'm so sad about the House episode tonight  but bigger &amp; better things (damn that Taub LOL)
negative,he's not paying me any attn
negative,For saying 2 may change up ur twitter game I like u just the way u r on here
negative, I hope we can fix you in California at least.....
negative,
negative,I'm Not There is on HBO in 30 minutes! Got excited then remembered I should get some sleep tonight. And why is it not on again soon? Sad
negative,Too tired to leave bed.
negative,ok House was sad.
negative,"ooh...hungry... before anything creeps out of the kitchen with legs...and/or arms...*attacks fridge* ah, cold chicken how exciting "
negative, I had to super glue my shoe!! Lol
negative,owwwwww!!!  What a doozy of a headache.  2 tablets later and it has only taken  off a slight edge
negative,Only two more days until holidays! All my friends are in public schools so we can't hang out on Thursday  THEN DISNEYLAND OMG.
negative,Finds her mom rly annoying. I need to detox and do an H2O day. My skin is shitting.
negative,I'm off to bed... way to late... will likely be a sac a shit at work tomorrow.
negative,"because you died, and i never see you. "
negative,I'm only 540 years old in pixie years.
negative,body clock still up the chuffer..note never ever stay up late again -also afro is back
negative,stupid thing wont let me get into my old twitter page so i had to make a new one
negative,I am soooo tired work
negative,Txt-Chat with Jake. Lmfao. Its Frikkin Awesome! I Miss This Effin Boy So Much.  Awww. Hoping You Would Come Back Here Na! ) xxxx
negative,ur phone and its breaking disease has spread to my phone it doesnt ring any more  just flashes agh only one moth till a ...
negative,won't be doing the Frank Morgan race
negative,I'm not excited as I live in Wales
negative,"blahhh, my throat is sore &amp; i keep coughing. i hate being sick "
negative,"I'm sitting up, unable to sleep "
negative,"Motivated to sleep, but I'm feeling quite icky. "
negative,"Oh dear, all the pups died 1 by 1 last night, perhaps it was because Princess rejected them "
negative,I am going to be 30 in a month...  Ugh
negative,3 in the morning and I can't sleep.
negative,"thanks, I know that video is harrowing, especially the last 2 minutes  I must admit I cried"
negative,"Just wrote a 2 pg paper n 30 min, studied n now off 2 bed. Gotta wake up n 3 hours. OH JOY!  Nite all!"
negative,beginning to enjoy lazy town - oh dear
negative,or should i say my brain needs to optimise my neural search pathways to find my muscles again
negative,I cried when I heard the girl from Tracy was found today. It was soooo sad   May god bless Sandra Cantu.
negative,lol omg don't tempt me! I just started p90 2 hours ago. I need to at least be good for a day! shoulda asked me yesterday
negative,Had a moment with run fatboy run
negative,"haven't even had time to twitt theese last few days, insane! "
negative,"oh man, it was the most sad ever. "
negative,Twitter woke me up
negative,get up lady! See you in work ... Boohoo
negative,Something got into my eye...now its itchy. aw.
negative,I was just thinking that today - how deprssing it all is!  Makes us appreciate life more.
negative,Ermmm not really. It's hearing the dreaded alarm clock
negative,I as bowling and the shit ripped
negative,"Mate that's rubbish  10pt hug. Tom covered in spots and obviously not happy, but Doc says it's nothing 'bad'. Tell that to Tom..."
negative,Curse ye!! Have fun at it. I miss doing online PR for Paramount Pics
negative,"ugh, just read on #CNN that they found the Cantu girl's body in a pond near their home. How terrible for her family "
negative,Can't sleep. It's 2:05am--Ugh!!! I'm not even sleepy
negative,"How sad, I did not know Andy Hallet died
negative,... or so I thought....
negative,"understand that, we are all busy. I can only tweet after work. "
negative,better get your auto feature ironed out. that blast of advertisements was nothing less than industrial strength spam!
negative,"Oh, God, ow.  That must have hurt like a bitch.  "
negative,"Up and showered, now to get dressed for the late shift lollypop "
negative,Yeah he was
negative,"really now, time for sleep. dreaming of my city, more tattoos, and other great things. waking up to early morning sociology "
negative,hey saw u guys play pushover..didn't get 2 meet u tho cuz of th HUGE line  i was very upset lol..a msg would make up 4 it!
negative,Good morning... I wish the weather was as good as in Germany today
negative,I wish we had a Dunkin Donuts in Holland  Today my moms back from Japan. Can't wait to see her!
negative,Sooooooo busy right now. Have a lot of custom orders to catch up on! Haven't blogged since the 31st.  There aren't enough hrs in a day! ;)
negative,right got a stinking headache but I need to run I'm not a happy bunny
negative,"sorry, I should say that this vid hits you hard, please beware the last 2 minutes especially
negative,Wondering why gamebattles is down
negative,Too much traffic on the A2  Can't wait till all 10 lanes are ready ... 2010?
negative,slept for 11 hours.. had been awake since 5.30am yesterday..  and still i was late for the exam  gotta wake up at 5 tomoro onwards
negative,Almost finished with new moon.... If I didn't have to work tomorrow I would totally finish it tonight! Geez...
negative,Ok wonder why twitpix isn't an option for this new phone I got?! I can't win! I'll leave the photos to my cuz I guess...
negative,they usually make me Zzzz... but not today
negative,My Macbook just froze. Luckily I was able to take a screen shot of my paper and retyped the end of it. I submitted my paper 1 min. late.
negative,"I've just been faffing  Actually, reading; which is work but doesn't feel productive."
negative,if the forcasters are to be believed we'll be lucky of it lasts till this afternoon
negative,i do too...but it's hard
negative,"Thanks for the Rebuilders/Rebuilding tip.  She's trying to help her mom thru a divorce, and herself thru a breakup.  "
negative,Left head phone has died this morning. 1 head phone to keep me company on my journey
negative,same it has been drizzling all day  if u are going to rain might as well pour.
negative,i cant sleep ugghhh
negative,just got to work and am so ravenous have eaten my gipton steak &amp; branston sarnies. Now I'll have to buy something for lunch!!   doh!
negative,"New iphone, yay! Not restoring backup, no!  Stupid apple."
negative,"A few catering gigs, very cool, getting ready for the normal week.  Working on Easter.  "
negative,i cant sleep
negative,"I always walk by the annex hoping to see you, but instead I get the Nguyen family "
negative,Know exactly how you feel man  re:
negative,im yellinq at ma mummyy  !! lol .. she is ANGRY AT MEE  !!
negative,"I really don't want to go back to Chicago. I liked not hearing about bad politicians or Oprah, I hate Oprah.  Only 4 days left in the UK "
negative,I haven't heard from you in while
negative,Still doing homework.
negative,I'm afraid to fly too. I straight up REFUSE to get on a plane. It sucks because it REALLY limits where you can go
negative,Tony has changed so much. Why did he have to change?
negative,"Feeling a bit better today, at least I can walk. I have NO idea what happened yesterday. On my way to school now... Ugh... "
negative,Just about to leave for another exciting day at work
negative,"Aww, I'm so sorry dearyy "
negative,Fuck la circulation ce mat1
negative,"Can't belive it.. We're home!! So sleepy 4 hrs today..  in Round Rock, TX
negative,I'm at disneyland again Ahaha! And i'm sad the pineapple stand is closed... I have 3 dollars
negative,"Ok... so 2 hours into the self imposed shopping ban, and i am already aching for a shoe fix...this is going to be harder than i thought "
negative,My whip cream is melting
negative,I was woken up by my mom. now i cant get to sleep.
negative,"Lonely bed, no husband. "
negative,"Why is it that I have 46 followers, none of whom acknowledge me? "
negative,Stupid m&amp;ms make my stomach hurt
negative,Best monday ever. Missed gossip girl.  Oh well. Spent time with BFF today! Wonderful Night! xoxo
negative,My luck I'd probably get stopped by a cop or something stupid!
negative,Sitting at home and im very bored   keep hearing really weird noises downstairs. Kinda creepy
negative,Let us know how he's doing ok?
negative,"Dis guy was talking about his brother's cock, and thats all I feel like talking about   EWWW  You can figure out the rest."
negative,my birthday today. feel so old
negative,Have fun shopping ... but bear in mind the horrible forex truth
negative,ok my TWEET PEEP i must head to bed now...Got to take a test in Law tomorrow  ...is it summer yet?  anyway much love and HUGGERS
negative,working on my lab report that's due 2359hr tonight.
negative,I am awake now because of twitters! I was just dozing off. . .
negative,"soooo disappointed your T.I. party is when I leave for Vegas. I was so jacked up when you first talked about it, now nothing "
negative,"unfort, msn is a douche and a half to me "
negative,i have to butting poop again
negative,i agree!
negative,all these crazy pollen trees in Washington state are making my sinuses go crazy
negative,Stupid 3 year project! feels like you've conquered something then you realised it's only 1 year down
negative, hope you feel better. why cali?
negative,I need to go out but I am so lazy.
negative,awww i'm sorry
negative,Woo for three pages down and seven to go...why in heck do I procrastinate!  Goal #1 for Grad School DO NOT WAIT!!!!!
negative,"morning all. So tired today, should've stayed in bed "
negative,off to town. forgot to charge my phone so don't think it will last all day
negative,why must I be awake at this untimely hour
negative,"i dont want to go to school tomorrow for an exam, after having one and a half weeks off "
negative,"The thing that sucks the most is that you were the one I was most excited for, even before I knew who the final team would be. "
negative,I can't sleep.  It's too windy and scary out.
negative,kids are on holidays
negative,summer camp or summer school?? Both are boarding lol.
negative,after 2am and i'm still sniffling and sneezing. can't sleep. morning is going to come way too early
negative,these guys who is Bill Gates's associates makes me feel like I know nothing!!! I don't even know my name now
negative,"Oh no!!!!!!!!!!!!! just sent email for State convention...May 17-18 &amp; there was Papyrus all over it. Sad, b/c I wanted to attend! "
negative,but work is demanding for so much more
negative,watching greek. cant believe its the last day ill see you guys.  june 20.... ahh.
negative,Is back at the cabbins  Ew!
negative,terrified by the news from Italy
negative,Ohh that sux
negative,i know!  and im on spring break
negative,is extremely hungry
negative,It's going to be a loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnngggggggg night at work
negative,me neither and nobody is awake... NOBODY. I'm drunk and alone
negative,"Not just you. I thought he looked paler, too  Probably from drama filming. Jun looks healthier than ever, though."
negative,.. sad to hear about the discovery of the little girl from Tracy. Her poor family
negative,just what am I supposed to think?
negative,Why do I keep working for places that DON'T do the Cycle2Work scheme. 15% disc at Halfauds is good enough.
negative,"In office, doing irritating work for the worst client i've ever had. You cant choose your project if ur an employee.  "
negative,at wye river.. It's really cold! This internet is really expensive
negative,Jammed my finger and it hurts really badly.
negative,DAMN- my PC has COMPLETELY given out  this sucks ...
negative,I just let my EverQuest 2 subscription lapse. Just don't play it anymore. Don't have the time
negative,"had a flu shot at work, now my arm hurts "
negative,I love the hills but I missed the show tonight
negative,Still trying to sell the prelude?
negative,"At this point, I'm trying to remain optimistic that it won't be as delayed as Live365 but it's getting harder each day "
negative,Twitter is down?
negative,OMG I am so mad! You were my favorite character  I'll miss 'you'
negative,Wishes David Cook was coming to phoenix  trying to figure out a way to get to San diego on June 18th to see him.... I'm obsessed
negative,ill make fresh start.. i promise...    xtra sad puppy face...
negative,"A beautiful morning - the sun is shining, the birds are singing, I've just been playing Mousetrap with the kids... damn, now work "
negative,"I was able to DownThemAll! before TA was able to delete my account. Didn't lose any photos, but I lost almost all comments "
negative,
negative,"Tuesday is a raining day, again "
negative,Has a huge headache but gotta go to work
negative,"Oh, you have a recipe for gyros? I developed an addiction in Germany, and haven't been able to find any I like in Aus. "
negative,Still feel feckin arseholed...a sign of old age me thinks
negative,"I saw ice in the rain today. Not quite snow, but frozen water, nonetheless. "
negative,I was being all nerdy &amp; thinking they could help me with my Metropolitan Area Network
negative,tired but cant sleep.............
negative,lol   GOODNIGHT
negative,I'm laying in bed facing the wall and trying to relax but I'm hearing so many things plus the air conditioning sound is so louad
negative,Someone needs to give this baby a home!!! I would but it's a bit too soon
negative,In bed. Finally!  Long day tomorrow
negative,Cant sleep. Ugh. If this is going to be a trend i.ll need to find something to do with my wakeful night hours. Read? Learn a language?
negative,Airlie is  sick   and now Mason is sick Too. He is going to miss his school disco
negative,Our trip has been canceled. See the latest blog post for info
negative,Just saw 1 little and 1 huge stingray in foot-deep water off catseye beach at low tide. No turtles yet.
negative,Have to update my picture cos I look old and fat.  Oh I am old and fat  playing badminton is not working on weight
negative,Just saw some snow flakes
negative,"lol, honeybaby, i sound like a ny-quil commercial. that word only looks right with a green background. i want to sleep but i can't "
negative,"Feeling soree, bad idea to go running when your sick "
negative,T___T need more sleep but my body wont let me  so i will draw instead  &lt;3
negative,"Thank's for your prayers, these days are very difficults "
negative,What's wrong? why do you need an inhaler? I didn't even know you were sick  Hope you start feeling better
negative,"Goodmorning!  hahaha, let me guess .... CB? hahaha me not "
negative,"Doesn't know why, but is feeling very down. And a trip to the gym didn't help "
negative,Computer/internet is hating me tonight... I swear. And I can't find my USB cord for my sidekick
negative,Taking Angus for a check-up today. I always quietly dread it but this time he's poorly so I know the lung function tests will be crap.
negative, If only you were working in the Melbourne Victoria Police Department or the Melbourne City Cabs.
negative,doing homework...
negative,has realized that twitter is getting more attention from her mama then she is....hahaha  LAME!
negative,"Eww. Hershys kisses are ok, but not amazing "
negative,whoa im super hungry  Life cereal w/granola &amp; raspberries is calling my name
negative,wants to go to easterfest
negative,Really let down by gossip girl...it's all I have to make my Mondays good and all they give are reruns...
negative,am trying to fit all my stuff in a tiny bag so i can take it on as hand luggage. dont think its gonna work
negative,"being a grown up is horrid, isn't it "
negative,I am strongly considering improvising. I missed last year I was so sick.
negative,COKE!? 20% minority stake? Really? Not April Fool? Can you give it back? So depressing. You were a favourite brand. Sad
negative,has just said goodbye to her hubby who is off globe trotting away
negative,I has so many things to do
negative,dude it snowed here today...cant imagine the weather in hawaii right now
negative,"updating my myspace profile, i need more followers coz its a bit sad only to have one "
negative,"when you read my updates, blogspot, bulletin on myspace, etc. You could just figure it out on your own. I don't care "
negative,thelma I can't see shiz I see blank and me and u comments
negative,"Back at :work, have to go to ::Zeist in a minute. But want to stay here to do some work "
negative,I thought you could buy Silent Hill for the PSP on the PS Store? I can't find it anywhere?
negative,Doing my taxes. Not in the best mood because of this
negative,I am not a fan of sleeping alone  baby boo
negative,"I NEVER THOUGHT THAT I COULD  HATE SOMBODY, BUT I REALLY HATE YOU 'TOBE D....'? I ONLY GAVE YOU ALL OF MY LOVE AND YOU  PAY ME SO BAD! "
negative,hey saw u guys play pushover..didn't get 2 meet u tho cuz of th HUGE line  i was very upset ='( lol..a msg would make up 4 it!
negative,Going to sleep now. Johnny just died on the OC.
negative,again with the fucked sleep... ive decided to go do homework instead
negative,Morning. No sun here unfortunately
negative,I need a holiday  only one day off this year.
negative,sorry to hear about your dog.
negative, solution will be found!
negative,Got to do Spanish revision today
negative,has a cold from playing outside yesterday
negative,why does stik-o have to be chocolate?!
negative,I need SIMS 3. Gaah!
negative,is listening to an awesome song but i dnt no the name but i wanna upload it on limewire!!!!!
negative,Im not a morning person! Never have been  prefer the night!
negative,"correction: they don't tell you, but a cert. is there. How you can use it is a different matter, and without Win yet another! "
negative,"I think its iTunes fault I cant download it on my Mac now &quot;store busy&quot;   if you got it, anything awesome in the camerakit update?"
negative,How was the TJ dinner tonight? My freezer melted down.
negative,ouchies.    have a good day .......and goodnight
negative,youre going to be in mexico on easter?  why?
negative,Early Twitter Buzz: Star Trek Has Secret Premiere in Austin -  Holy crap! Wish I was there...
negative,i think i'm getting sick.
negative,happy birthday jaime. loveyou&lt;3.     ...officially screwed right now. midterm. quiz. 2 projects. and 300 page book. shoot me. please.
negative,revising my essay and talking to my hubby on aim
negative,"lol, I figured as much...but you never know. We don't talk anymore, maybe you became easily offended... "
negative,"traffic not as bad as normal, so super early for meeting "
negative,yo that was hella weird my twitter got deleted
negative,They don't get hyphy on the east coast  ...even to E40
negative,"Perfectly ripe and fresh banana goes in the bag.. Arrive at office, it looks like it has been hit by a freight train. Poor banana "
negative,home. mc. bored. missing him. who? him  sigh. im bored. tadi exam &amp; was okay. thursday lagi exam. gaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh!
negative,rufus rufus rufus! Bloody Brillaint!!!! Shame my mum is such a miserable crab or i could liten to him while i work
negative,me and are so in sync that both of our stummics hurt right now
negative,studying commerce  how am i suppose to remember so much????
negative,....it's just fever...
negative,cuz like troybolton is the hottiemcsuperbob. omfgz. my nail buds  - cries -
negative,"Arghh! My hands are itchy!! Could it be that on top of my 'alergy' to beef, I also cannot eat chicken no more?? "
negative,I cant sleep. Missing the person I love most for the past 7yrs of my life. If only...
negative,Time to get me ass in gear and start the day
negative,Should really go to sleep so i can get up early tomorrow (well today now)
negative,Fairly certain I have the flu.
negative,I'm going to put myself out of this misery and go to freakin bed.  Ugh
negative,is again in the math lab
negative,i don't wanna leave CO! 4:15 am is coming too soon!!
negative," only one to fill that position. They've just tightened our borders or something  Which sucks, I want you to move here!"
negative,"Where the magic happens every month LOL Sophia did a terrific job, as usual! What am I gonna have for dinner?
negative,send some of that warmness my way.... it's cold
negative,Power to levitate?.... still negative.
negative,Trying really hard not to get sick from all of the stuff I just took to get rid of my cough.
negative,back from the casino a big fat loser!
negative,Even a four day week seems too long  I want to stay in bed!
negative,Glad you enjoyed it mate. Any more gigs lined up in the near future? None on the horizon for me at the mo
negative,isnt feelin 100% 2day
negative,going to watch julian play bball. i want phoebe
negative,hmmm well good luck with that.....
negative,just got a denied letter from bazaar bizarre. sad. i was looking forward to a road trip to be a vendor there
negative,Now even more annoyed with Bones. I would have preferred the gratuitous grossness. Poor Angela
negative,"me too!, although im still going  hehe"
negative,I am layin in bed 3am cos my tummy is beatboxn so bd so I hd 2 wake up. can't eat. Unburnable calories nt gd for my &quot;abs&quot; I am hungry!
negative,Bed... Work in am
negative,No rain please
negative,thanks - you too! I have an essay to write
negative,"Fuck! Len Wein's house caught fire earlier today. The family is safe, but they lost their dog. "
negative,thinks factorial designs are going to be the death of my test &quot;A&quot;.  Who comes up with this confusing &quot;mathy&quot; stuff?  Ugh
negative,OMG! I have the same problem! I lent it to someone and they never gave it back!!!
negative," too bad it's true, for the most part "
negative,danm I wanted to hear that studying sucks
negative,YAY hannah montanas on disney channel fun ......NOT
negative,all the photos i try to upload are too big
negative,Somewhere in the world right now the sun is shining and people are busy...but not here
negative,the chat broked?
negative,oh i aint gonna be ur bitch  but i will be HIS.. muwahaha
negative,Caught myself looking up the iphone. Promised I wouldn't torcher myself as I still have 6 months left on my current contract
negative,Goodnight everyone. Well I'm not feeling much better and I'm going to the doctor tomorrow.
negative,ya me too
negative,Blimmin' heck i'm slightly tired! And i still didn't see no Otalia
negative,"im going 2 bed nowww - surprising??? Not rly, i have school 2morow, thats right, my spring break days r over "
negative,Wants her camera back!
negative,first: UNC DOMINATED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. second: the hills is back (hallelujah). third: econ paper? gaussian copula is def. NOT that deal
negative,Is physically tired but can't sleep
negative,tks pa 4 &quot;tapauing&quot; croissant tuna knowing dat Ive back-to-back meetings since morning  &amp; Zuraidah tks 4 buying my FAV STARBUCK MOCHA FRAP
negative,"A new twitter name without telling me? Boo. By the way, I think Oberon is dead  Haven't seen him for ages..."
negative,"Why would you want to send traffic to that page?  At the bottom, you say you're not done  "
negative,Why do I feel like your preaching to me? lol damn I'm guilty
negative,"Looking at it, I seem to be getting a completely different config.. Finding shared hosting hard not having control "
negative,TV w/charley she is too cute and too sweet...trying to get over the blues  cheer me up tweeters
negative,Mean
negative,While I do enjoy my job very much. Its always nicest outside when I'm indoors
negative,morning everyone!! still feeling poorly!   hope u all have a good day! x
negative,contemplated going out for a post-midnight walk but still have piles of work to get through
negative,oh em gee. this is love  want want want! lusting after things i cannot afford.
negative,Everything is still broken!
negative,Mir every single morning I feel sick
negative,i had 7 hours of sleep and now i cant go back to sleeping  im thirsty
negative, do i neeI dotn get any comments and suggestions
negative,"My peace, quiet &amp; stress freeness is bout to come to an end "
negative,"found my Sana...and has realized, that just like a white girl, I eat my problems "
negative,In work  sooo bored !
negative,"Food allergies suck!  I became allergic to shellfish about 4 months ago out of the blue, and I used to love shrimp.  "
negative,my mom just had a root canal also...i feel your pain buddy!
negative,Not even 8.30am and there's far too much noise in the office   Should have worked from home today.
negative,"I usually only sleep 4 hours a night or so.  Going to bed now, have to get up at 5am "
negative,Good morning Tom! Why can't I send you a message? This is too short for the question I have  Well to bad for me I guess..
negative,"Guess what? My Dad is PREGNANT!!! lol nah, the doctor does have to give him an epidural for his chronic back pain, though. "
negative,"yeah it was good news, a y combinator interview next week! dunno bout the oyster, will just suck it up I guess "
negative,it wont let me play DOH keeps saying user not valid
negative,i would if i knew them  ed si que se duerme temprano :S
negative,LOL awwww....I'm sorry you're stuck n bored...Yes hun I thought you be trying to keep yourself entertained...can't be easy
negative,I knowwwwww I sukkkk !!....   .. Take care of my gurls ...
negative,"arrrggghhh, and I hadn't seen last night's episode yet! Pity to lose you, though. "
negative,Early morning meetings
negative,ugh how depressing.    i want to punch something.
negative,I STILL don't understand how to setup subversion for a website
negative,Brahbrah. Ugh. Bed in a hour.
negative,"no money yet, i dont know anyone who has  maybe its all just a lie!! hes having us on so we all like him a little bit more lol"
negative,"sat at work  Not fair, so not fair"
negative,Whoh what a day... Now for the shut part... Hydraulics assignment time
negative,oh wtf house. NOT COOL.
negative,Brain Hurty Squishy Mess
negative,ahh ai dreptate Pixar
negative,woke up too early
negative,watching tv. trying to sleep. not working.
negative,As part of Freeview? We don't get the sports channel
negative,No way I'm gonna sleep tonight
negative,No TravoRadio this morning. BlipFM is down.
negative,and it took me my entire walk to the train station to undo it
negative,thats really sad  i wolud hate that! but i had choco milk earlier =D lol
negative,"I have had an allergic reaction to my contacts, stuck with my specs until it clears up. Means and end to my breast feeding tho "
negative,wow my x60s is dead
negative,just finished cooking spag bol from scratch.. in other words been cooking for the past 4 hours! i'm not hungry anymore
negative,trying to write dssertation
negative,that's what I thought. Bummer!
negative,".. This response from Support is blatantly untrue, fake accounts are shut down all the time!  And it contradicts their own Terms too.  "
negative,Oh noooooo Kath is back from Annual Leave!!!!!  du du duuuuuuuu!
negative,thank you for being a great character on House! I'm sad to see you go!
negative,I didn't get your 'Twitter is crap' reply
negative,"Dad was admitted to hospital yesterday, so want to fly to Cape Town to visit... R1900 for monday return ticket on #Kulula "
negative,Haven't tweeted in ages my twitterberry doesn't work anymore help!
negative,I don't like these late start night shifts coupled with it being bloody light outside my window when I'm meant to be going to sleep
negative,Longing for yesterday
negative,i want a guy like carmello or jimmy
negative,Sorry to hear that.  Anything specific? x
negative,ha ha ha   damn i had  such  good  time chillin wit  my  favorite hizzo  danced my face off the lodge never made it to backbooth  ..
negative,Work today
negative,im not on aim rn
negative,"I accidentally put sugar in my food instead of salt, so now I'm eating sweet fried rice  My clumsiness astounds me sometimes!!"
negative,Why don't the hot guys from my gym get on my train in the morning? It's always full of dullards
negative,Another sales pitch today for a potential #surface customer. I do more sales than development these days
negative,"Downloading the torrent of last night's SYTYCDA, where my love BJ was tragically (but predictably) eliminated "
negative,Waiting for an update about my car. It's in the shop again!
negative,Bored from doing homework  What is pingping doing?
negative,"The worst part about laundry is: the longer that you wait to do it, the more unpleasant it becomes. "
negative,"oh, your tweet was about weapons? That's covered by Pandora's Box - can't uninvent it, leaving us all with MAD "
negative,FUCK....I CAN'T SLEEP
negative,"another fun confab, no matter what comes of it. i wish i hadn't worked until 9. i'm gonna miss next week, though. "
negative,is sooo proud with her bro! huhu.. he's so talentfull.. i wish i could do best like him..
negative,i'm missing my best friends. I miss our fun times together. I love you guys and i miss you so much
negative,Done with homework. Sneezing  but feeling better! 28 days
negative,Passed out last night while mum was puttin cream on my.tattoo
negative,aww no invite??  lol jk. coolness for the day off!
negative,Nah gentlemen. I got class at 8AM on Wednesdays.  But thanks anyway!&lt;3
negative,Awe it always sucks when you cant sleep in your own bed  Hope your dad gets better he is in my prayers .
negative,Note to you all: don't go to the choclate bar schiphol!! it is passengers only
negative,didnt hear from my hunn today
negative,journalists are up there with ambulance chasing lawyers in my reckoning
negative,"Good morning world, couldn't sleep tonight  Copenhagen doesn't want to leave my head..."
negative,Flo rider has sampled that blue song he messed that song up for me
negative,Oh oh! That's sad!
negative,i had a extravagant yet time conserving plan lined up for today.......which ive now forgotten
negative,How have you watched it? I tried the youtube link but it won't work!
negative,missing my boyfriend  who im on the phone with but its just not the same TWEET
negative,wont get any rudd money   for those in doubt...
negative,That does sound boring as hell becs
negative,is sad because there was another earthquake in italy..
negative, I am sad... the Dutch localization in DL2 is bad... it's incomplete and has too many truncations...
negative,- you're not sweet
negative,wonderful.. I ll be slogging at 9.. you get up at 9 eh..
negative,hey emily you lie!!! meanie
negative,OMG WHINE WHINE WHINE WHINE HOUSING LOTERY IS OVER STFU I HAD TO EXPLAIN TO QIDONG THAT HE WAS FUCKED.
negative,I stayed up too late. Didn't get the design done like I wanted to
negative,Allergies playin up like mad today
negative,Planting a friend today.  Not been to a funeral in &gt;20 years.
negative,No music today. Blip.fm is undergoing maintenance
negative,oh you went clubbing without me   lol next time we can do it together
negative,JUST realized im talking to no one...
negative,What a sad thought if it isnt!  &lt;3 CC
negative,"doesn't want to go to school tomorrow. it's the last day, but it's also twyla's day off "
negative,u can't sip crap vodka! Nope not done #c25k got ominous knee pain - not good
negative,Off to the doctor's today emily has a rash which looks like the measles
negative,so has mine
negative,What's wrong with being an attention whore?
negative,on the coach  gonna be fun!
negative,Misses Rach already
negative,I'm always up late. I wish I was a morning person but I'm not
negative,AHHHHHHH! Everyones doing laundry except me
negative,boxee now has Pandora. Useless to me here in Oz. Boo hoo
negative,i hurt my leg!
negative,"no, not yet   But also need to finish the rest of it ;)"
negative,thank uuu! i know i heard youre in dallas
negative,Downy weather  Where's the summer?
negative,I'm getting pissy lately - I know I make mormon jokes at you - I'm sorry. I hear mormon jokes now and I feel bad.
negative,"Also, I realize that sounded a tad drama-queen, but I haven't been sick in YEARS. It's hittin me hard this time "
negative,Okay I'm sorry that was mean. I'm not nice
negative,Craaaaap. My Macbook Pro is kernel panicking a lot now. I think I'm going to be forced into an upgrade sooner than this summer
negative,pose ta b goin ta AZ dis week  i hope lol
negative,"Well that made me sad, i sat down to watch tv, and then remembered i dont have cable anymore.  Lol."
negative,thank you!! I have to now do it all again today
negative,Had a lovely day at the beach followed by dinner with a gorgeous lady ;) roll on the work today  Booo!
negative,"i agreee! clearly they only want attention, SORRY I COULDN'T CATCH THE TRAIN MATEEE "
negative,"i got smoke in my eyes, now they burn "
negative,"Loves what #drupal file framework module could do, but is sick of Bitcache errors making it impossible to upload files "
negative,i feel lonely today....
negative,I wish I could go to bed...
negative,Haha my house is creepy at night!!  It creaks and stuff..scary. lol..I'm gonna go to bed.
negative,can't upload my pic
negative,ah..I hate flu..now its third day. guess what happened accidently I shaved my eye brows off. I need glasses
negative,but i like reading the bullshit!
negative,im so confused  This SUCKS!!!!!
negative,has to study math 4 econ but isnt in the mood
negative,"StiLL on my &quot;Lions &amp; Tigers &amp; Bears&quot; shyt.............  but GOD is gOOd consequently, I wiLL be tOO"
negative,why do other people get replies
negative,"Damn stiff neck, day 2 "
negative,no le gusta house of house 5 min intro
negative,Missing the fab five
negative,it was a repeat tonight for Gossip Girl
negative,is losing her hubby for a week tomorrow for work.  Easter and all
negative,I'm thinking of getting my old FM tuner from the garage as I'm having problems when my PC just stops playing audio
negative,i want my money from kevo to hurry up
negative,Anybody willing to help me??? I've been trying to make a sad tune on the piano for a new song but it always ends up happy and bright  ???
negative,Good for me. I haven't gone to bed...
negative,baking oatmeal + chocolate chip cookies to make me tired.  i can't sleep
negative,and so the editing of 3000 wedding shots begins
negative,my facebook is Fucked.
negative,i thought i saw you there! you were walking out the door when i saw you.
negative,sweet! That was fun... Except it stretched my browser... And I was watching Twit!
negative,Ads not yet appeared  Google Adsense Team said it may delay 48 hrs on
negative,tired  i need a regular 9-5
negative,my dog is in my room SNORING!
negative,Going to sleep... hoping to wake up and tommorow will be Wednesday instead of Tuesday... I really don't want to go to work
negative,nite!! I still cant go to sleep.
negative,Im such an insomniac this week
negative,Basically.  I feel like I need to take better care of myself after seeing that fool.  No more juicin' for me
negative,still spitting out stitches from that bone graft
negative,hooray for the ever so reliable signalflare server
negative,"Well that was a fun nights work, now to start the working day "
negative,Sleepin. halo tonight before you leave
negative,not off the side of the bridge I hope?
negative,watchin.. I'm not there. and missing heath ledger
negative," sorry your day was a waste, hope you found some good bits in it and YAY you are homeward bound."
negative," im so jealous..i want salsa, but the cookies were AMAZING!"
negative,blip is &quot;under maintenance&quot; &amp; i'm goin' through withdrawel
negative,"hey neighbor, neither can I "
negative,its such a sad situation. Though 1-in-3 of us will be beaten. In US every 15 seconds &amp; 3 killed a day. It's sadly commonplace
negative,and so the editing of 3000 wedding shots begins
negative,Journalist throws shoe at Chidambaram
negative,"starting to resent always being struck by creativity after midnight, then having to get up for work in the morning "
negative,What's the best way to eat reheated pizza I keep trying to eat this one but it's too hot and makes my mouth be in pain
negative,Nothing was sick all day it sucked im just up late cant sleep
negative,Even with the best intentions i'm late for work again
negative,"Thank you!! I spent ages on Thursday tidying up, then along came everyone and it looked like a right tip again "
negative, Heroes is losing it's momentum ): come on writers pick it up!!!
negative,it's so boring
negative,is back at work...Although I wish I was back in bed...
negative,its sprained!!  so glad im on holidays
negative,"Stupid bus was early  I missed it. Stupid thing  Then I missed the bus after that.  Finally got a bus, then missed my second :'( gutz."
negative,"problem is they aren't appealing to a wide enough audience, even though they think they may be "
negative,Yikes! Now i have no clues what to do!
negative,I am engaged to muppet orlando and i just realised oh my god i cant marry Justin Timberlake
negative,gosh it`t 9:39 am and i am soooo tired &quot;yawn&quot; i want to go back to sleep but i can`t
negative,On the train sans Guardian
negative,Made it into DC on Saturday afternoon after 17 hours in air and am now in South FL...jetlag sucks!!  Haven't had a full sleep since Thurs
negative,"I'm at work, and I'm sick.. And its helluva lot todo. This blows. "
negative,i am so screwed up! a confused and dumb child!  i NEVER felt so bad all my life! i wish i have any specialty! too bad i have none ='(
negative,Went to the doctor's today and my blood sugar level was 178.
negative,gosh...it makes me sad when people don't give God a chance
negative,"*yawns* i'm pretty good, thanks, awww  i'm sorry to hear that! feel better soon &lt;3"
negative,that's so sad
negative,It's 8:40am... I've been awake for nearly 2 hours
negative,can't sleep. I don't like Sonny being gone.
negative,Not drunk at all
negative,finally! updated...oohh I sooo miss the internet {sorry to say that woop2x may not open apr.10}  so how's it goin'??
negative,i miss
negative,"and you'll get familiar with twitter pretty soon!!! i'm not coming back this summer, so that means i dont even see you then?! "
negative,loves to get drunk... just not by himself
negative,I have a hole in my favourite top. I bought it in the sale before Christmas so I can't even get an exchange  might try fixing it later.
negative,"feeling very poorly and sorry for myself. Can't swallow, ow  Stupid glands."
negative, yes I am thanks for reaveling to the world bro fuck my life hahaha
negative,I can't see anything  Stupid YouTube and their location restrictions. Who's in the Speedo?
negative,She now wants an mmmf except I have to only play a supporting role  would mind but the other two guys have huge cocks what am I to do?
negative,Banned from Sims Forums for the rest of the week. Aww    It feels weird. I was only sticking up for Chanel :'(
negative,i treated myself to that latte after the appointment which was horrible. I need to have my wisdom teeth surgically removed
negative,oh but mine is ceramic so its more ex  abit less visible. inside ones are very ex! double the price n double the duration
negative,"Dear Crimestoppers, thankyou for your regular service of our burglar alarm, I'm most grateful for the new 200dB ear-deafening entry tones "
negative,"All the fightin and name callin, i can still run 2 my sister!  nite..."
negative,sick today  and i have a lot to do at work
negative,Trying to find a tech job. Can't find any entry level jobs any were.  Also just about every job site has more spam now then jobs.
negative,4 am insomnia is a BITCH
negative,just threw up all over the bathroom. not fun
negative,off to work
negative,Really hungry and sad that I had to throw my breakfast in the bin
negative,Oh darn...it's mandy creed isnt it
negative,i dont understand.  i didnt mean to break anyones heart.
negative,"Obama is visiting istanbul today, therefore all main roads have been closed  cause and effect !!!"
negative,"A lovely day, blazing sunshine.... too bad I have to work "
negative,"OMG my girl just woke me up, reason doesnt matter &amp; now I cant fall back to sleep  Gotta b up at 5 so maybe I'll just stay up. **sigh**"
negative,"Why didn't you tweet that you are in Germany, Heard about the concert in Marburg in the Radio 1 hour before it started. "
negative,late night is all re-runs
negative,just getting home...its snowing
negative,yep a loser.
negative,and finito! All bathroom contractors been thru the house. Quotes incoming then i need to bite the bullet
negative,awww!  that sucks! are you going to the sydney one?
negative,"Sorry, SF. Rescheduling my SF trip for this coming weekend to mid May. Bad circumstances "
negative,"2morw  I get my blasted wisdom teeth pulled! Need sleep...cnt stop worryng, I hate needles "
negative,"Morning twitterati...... Large coffee and a bath on top of todays list, first appt 10am then loads of desk work. "
negative,hitting the gym! afterwards looking forward to rewiring my studio... yet again
negative,doesnt  want to go to work lol
negative,"Sorry I missed responding yesterday  Rochester is in MN, so we are not to far from each other! Dark chocolate rocks!"
negative,i wanna come with them to bohol!!!!
negative,I have a cold  buee
negative,Ate a piece of angel food cake and another Laffy Taffy
negative,"Driving back to La Quinta tomorrow... I should sleep, but I'm oddly wired. "
negative,aaaaaaaaaah still cold outside... at least it's sunny! For now that is
negative,is running on low batteries....
negative,At shell gas station. lunch break. Tired.
negative,Ready for sleep but having trouble sleeping
negative,just burnt my fingers on a hot cup of tea - ouch!!!
negative,Hhh~ It's times like THAT when you want things to stay right  Then someone comes and wrecks it.
negative,"i have the same problem, but it's 4:43 here... let's see if counting works..1234...56 57 58... 132 133 134... no z's for me! "
negative, there is no way i can go to school today im way to sick
negative,Wikipedia has gone  forever! See what the goverment do its there fualt lets hope donations or something bring it back !!
negative,Can't seem to get over the dissapointment of haveing absolutly no one notice I am gone. Sad   I must not be boring I must not be boring...
negative," - He only reminds me of him because he doesn't wash his hair, that's all. Gross, I know! "
negative,Is feeling like dancing in the rain like a pixie......but the rain stopped  ohh well....lol I'll watch flight of the conchords instead
negative,just got back from the funeral of a government employee-friend.
negative,Your beau's not online tonight  bummer for U...And No music either!
negative,Started getting mailshots aimed at pensioners - it's all downhill now
negative,Wishing I could sneak in to watch the Star Trek premiere
negative,owww.... just hit my elbow really hard on a door
negative,cant wait 2 c Carter when bak skewl hate gettin sick it suks.......blech
negative,Need 2 get ass in gear! Wana go away 24/6 bt nt sure where Cairo &amp; UK maybe bt may b able 2 go earlier bt wont no til 8/5
negative,"wow #epicfail on me. I did a search for epicfail and didn't see many entries but apparently, it's widely used. I'm depressed now "
negative,"I don't want to be cold in April, but I am "
negative,"Noes, my goat-wool socks have worn through "
negative,SO tired but can't sleep
negative,Dropped car off to get exhaust replaced - that's '?50 I could do without spending
negative,"School work BORING,  Working on a business law paper right now can't wait till i'm done.  Hopefully tomorrow grrrr...   "
negative,Too many assignments
negative,"still here, though the site is gone "
negative,Got to pause twilight now as nearly at work
negative,"my fav English teacher, she just had miscarriage.  &amp; u knw wht makes me sad even more? she was going to name her baby Tamara "
negative,"Anxiously awaiting June 28th, it  can not come soon enough (my graduation ceremony).  Am not looking forward to the 10th end of my break "
negative,What is common between Chidambaram and George Bush  ?
negative,Morning everyone! Stuck in registration for a while then assembley! Nayyy
negative,I think that it's pretty standard wherever you go?  Can't find it anywhere in Canberra yet
negative,home with the flu ahhh  suxz well and tired will go to sleep in about an hour or so Goodnites !
negative,The first serial about my city so stupid...
negative,ive txt you this morning
negative,Got me what again? I'm sorry I can't understand ur last tweet
negative,What is common between Chidambaram and George Bush
negative,I feel like I should change my picture but I don't think I could part with my bff Audrey Hepburn.
negative,"nooooo!! I was doing so good, im not allowed to cry.. ughhh, staying up late makes me think about stuff.. "
negative,"My forehead is starting to feel like someone has cut a slice out of it. Oh, that's right, someone cut a slice out of my forehead today "
negative,"oh no  owies, when will that happen? "
negative,Thinking of pay day.....another 3 weeks to go  lol
negative,my choices are limited since they blocked my HULU..
negative,Waiting for my flight. Slumming it in the departure lounge.
negative,Area nightclub making '? out of the bewilldered uni students who have arrived home. while the poor folk like me have to struggle on
negative,It is just me. Uninstalled #rails 2.3.2 and tried with a fresh 2.2.2 app - still no dice. Obviously something bizarre in my setup
negative,"Yeah, not good. Even going back to 2.2.1 didn't resolve it. "
negative,what stupid show were you watching? lol. Not that there is any shortage.
negative,still waiting and missing my baby boy!
negative,Omg house what did I ever do to you
negative,"OMGOSH, they're like biscuits, so so so yum. xD you haven't lived until you've eaten them missy :p &amp; i miss you too  x"
negative,tooo early. im running late.
negative,I don't feel so hot....
negative,Leaving Koh Tao  start of journey back to Bangkok
negative,"I'm being set up again except now I'll have to watch her with 2 huge membered guys, I feel like a hat stand "
negative,I am sure it will! I have got loads to do today
negative,ps just broke my fucking phone
negative,Not many people from my home town using IRL connect ...
negative,she's at the Ritz LOL but been there before and it's ok for a gig! Not got any more planned  what about you?
negative,is at work!!!  xx
negative,This is why you need to not be over in the Old World. I misses hanging out and being awkward with you
negative,It amazes me men like you actually exist... I hope I find someone someday who will love and value me
negative,is going to school to do dt
negative,"Yaaaay, maybe I should've gone "
negative,I guess counting sheep didn't work  Hope you get some sleep!
negative,/really/ need to clean the sensor in my SLR. As it is I will be doing spot removal from several hundred pictures
negative,Woken up by someone hammering &gt;&lt; they have stopped now and I can't get back to sleep
negative,has a hangover
negative,Is stuck in traffic
negative,"haha yeah, i thought it would be much more complicated :') and well ive just got home from school, we've not got holidays  x"
negative,i think i have tonsillitis
negative,I would too if it meant spending a day in heaven w/my mom and getting to see her again.
negative,"clean, but it resulted in the soft top beaing soaked wet, so I couldn,t open it  should be dry now"
negative,#mhbigcatch 8oz Golem  But finally got a Wight - 3oz
negative,"Time for Warcraft yes, but for a simple game of a group of fans no  Just let us know if u figure it out, you want the prize?"
negative,Not sure to tell u the truth  it's been so long since I've seen him but ask Sumo's daddy he has full custody lol
negative,Really wish I could see Eddie Izzard on tour  Damn the stupid expensive tickets!!! CAKE OR DEATH?!!!
negative,I can't sleep I'm stressing out  JPC &lt;3
negative,"think im an insomniac, i just cant sleep..    birthday in 5 days... oh yay. ~_~"
negative,*cough*cough*cough* that's all I seem to do right now
negative,most confusing hour of my life.
negative,Another long and slow day ahead ... *sigh!*
negative,well you didnt even consult me to see what my plans were. maybe they changed...and they did. so thanks.
negative,dang! i'm lazy  i've begun three short stories in the last three weeks... and never finished anything. will. have. more. focus.
negative,";; uh.. february something, haha!  imy! "
negative,am sorry to say but it is still in the air
negative,holy shindigs.  thats HOT.
negative,is thinking he's going to have to reinstall WoW as it simply refuses to update to 3.1.0  irritating times  It'll take forever
negative,Okie dokie my tweoples its been a long day and I have to be in the city by 10 am BOOOOOOOOOOOO  Good night my lovelies &lt;3
negative,hoping I can fall asleep after watching Knowing.  Definitely wasn't National Treasure
negative,I think my email / domain is being blocked by  Akismet
negative,Blip.fm is undergoing maintenance.
negative,haha I would but you won't
negative,"Why is it that anytime that I plan what do, I get sick and all the plans go out the window. "
negative,very grey morning
negative,feeling ill and sorry for myself
negative,o have too much on my mind and is trying to write it all down so maybe i can get some sleep before class...it's not really working
negative,Getting lots of dentist time myself at the moment. Very stressfull and sore  take it nice and easy for the rest of the day!
negative,Coke Zero mobile site broken... on iPhone anyway...
negative,"&quot;Bruce Springsteen embarks on world tour.&quot; Apparently, Oz is on some other, unworldly planet "
negative,Today I got2do shopping 4easter! &lt;3 Malachi xx owww I'm so sore too 2day
negative,Being grumpy. Abu Dhabi is so boring. There really is nothing to photograph and no one to go with
negative,"tell me about it, had some mortgage quotes last sat. Going to be skint for the next 30 years. "
negative,is hoping the posty delivers my pink tickets
negative,do I sense a blog coming on?  Too bad I have to leave in like 10 mins   xxx
negative,The house is one big mess. Everything is crammed in my bedroom while they do up the other rooms
negative,Not liking being back at work this morning
negative,"Argh, opened my crisps upside down.  I hate that. "
negative,Feeling really really ill
negative,Blazing row with boy. Tantrums all round. Missed train and now standing on platform feeling guilty
negative,Don't have any hot water....
negative,lol im sorry! love ya! stupid dating coach that makes me feel self-conscious about my hair
negative,wass up lovely i anit show you no love yet...
negative,"Worst dream ever, and not my usual nightmare either. The worst part is its probably gonna come true "
negative,pfff i want to go back to bed i feel horrible today
negative,I also want Easter Break / P'sklov!
negative,can't sleep and dunno why!
negative,Biking is hard ya'll
negative,morning  i'm really upset  my rabbit ran away last night  and the postman woke me up early  reply? ilu x.
negative,off to the drs its too early
negative,man my internet is slow atm
negative,is looking at the gray sky. The sun has been stolen again
negative,has a very painful shoulder this morning
negative,4.52 am ... I'm 2 tired 2 think!!!!... Peace out!!!!... M... 5564583833755523.... 811...
negative,i will say it out loud - i miss you a-hole and your answers to my iPhone questions. now who will help me upgrade to 3.0?
negative,"My heart is abused with so many hurtful lies, and truths. I hate being sappy about these kind of things. I hate it "
negative,so. fucking. bored. of. work
negative,Landed funny on my foot this morning while jumping down the stairs and I twisted it. Quite sore now..
negative,in a taxi on the way to get pizza. bad traffic and headache. worst.
negative,"Of course. What aren't they remaking?    At least with Haley, I have a bit of hope."
negative,I had a migraine and now I can't sleep. boo
negative,"For some reason, I have a strong urge to draw illustrations for novel covers. "
negative,"Prodigy were ace last night! Only managed a few hours sleep last night, not feeling myself today        Have a cool day guys."
negative,has realised that this time it might actually be final
negative,having a horrible headache day and nose bleeding...awful feeling
negative,"just found that if I use Windows 7 to browse twitter.com, the firewall software will automatically turns off, and the PC hangs. "
negative,Back to work with a bump!  The long weekend is definitely over
negative,"Curses, my yoghurt exploded in my bag on the way to work. Now everything smells like toffee "
negative,"My heart is abused with so many hurtful lies and truths. I hate being sappy about these kind of things. I hate it  Gold for syf, k?"
negative,"ias awake, but has to go into school today "
negative,"im lonely  keep me company! 22 female, california"
negative,in Genting now! But I now at gohtong jaya using com...
negative,yeah got no choice.. 5am not to study.. 5 am to reach class on time for the paper   hows eco treating you?
negative,isliye call nahi kiya baad me..thinking ki ab to tu movie dekh raha hoga
negative,gloomy weather...again
negative,*sigh... gonna take a while to find all the files  argh
negative,is sad that the march break is over
negative,AWWW u seriously have the cutest dog Miley! Sorry your not with her now  Hope u get some sleep! xoxo
negative,"QR + Veolia FAIL! Translink, the buses and trains don't align, so the early train is just as late as the  bus one hour later "
negative,wow! that sounds fun! nah just going to melbourne for a couple of days unfortunately
negative,has tonsilitis on my birthday
negative,greeeeat but now i ate all my hard work away
negative,ellen......... Do my messages not get to you.......  if you didn't notice i'm sad. I try so hard to communicate wif u
negative,"Observe &amp; Report was premiering at the Chinese Theater I was driving by slowly but only saw the reporters &amp; red carpet, no stars "
negative,Tried with smsjunction.com.. but got ODBC Driver errors.
negative,huh?? Like what?? I didnt know?
negative,"I had plans today, and now I'm scared of you know, moving, for fear of teh boke  fml."
negative,Just heard Eminem's new single. It's official. He fell off. : Just heard Eminem's new single. It's official. He fell off.
negative,A bit under the weather the last coupla days -- workouts have been low in energy.
negative,It's a nice day for once and Chibi and I are stuck at home waiting for a parcel
negative,where's the update? or have i missed something
negative,awwww  but she will be on tomorrow 4. i will still watch her show even though you guys persecute me. are you far away?
negative,its the holidays and i still bloody insist on waking up at school times
negative,"Finger hurts, can't sleep even after my vicoden &amp; alcohol combo... "
negative,"i fell tired, i want to sleep, but im almost done with some work, and i need to go to the bathroom "
negative,is missing her roo and totally ready to be over this stupid sickness....arghhh
negative,they end up back as read only ... and still the error persists. I cant add anything to the library now   so cant update my ...
negative, I feel your pain
negative,I NEED to post a video!!!!  But I'm stuck...
negative,I miss youuu.
negative,penalty scored at Tynecastle. Still got beat though!
negative,"Revision, again.  Oh, and morning
negative,Nobody likes Leatherhead.
negative,okay bbs &lt;3 does anyone know where i can get info on how night clubs in L.A. cost? i wanna rent one out next year please  I'll invite yall
negative,has got combined ear and toothache and wants to rip her face off.  *stamps foot*
negative,"alas, I have no Pimms "
negative,"I don't think I like the Saw ride at Thorpe Park. The tv ad makes me feel sick, so goodness knows what the ride would do. "
negative,just joined twitter and doesnt know anyone yet...
negative,"pfff, rearanging database "
negative,is wishing he loved me
negative,The Hills episodes were so sad   PS. LOVE your name
negative,Watching DJ Emir battle his computer for supreme ruler of the studio.  I think the computer is winning
negative,&quot;Flight of the Conchords&quot; suddenly disappeared from Spotify
negative,Kids up at the crack of dawn... I'm still full of cold. Bleh  Starting work... #stuckrecord
negative,Naar Haddow. Racket mee! Wahey
negative, why not saturday??
negative,"For some reason I can't explain, I know St Peter won't call my name "
negative,I think you spoke too soon - big black rain cloud charging towards town now
negative,and i didnt end up seeing it  bumma...some ppl are being a pain
negative,is with the flu...
negative,isnt there any way we could update twitter through our cellphones
negative,"Aww, you're leaving me?  Just was hoping for input -- I have avatars in the RP thread on MTP. Torn on personality..."
negative,thats damn sad   hope things will be fine after gud lunch...
negative," hopefully it will be!!"
negative,"just enabled ActiveSync on my Google Apps account, I can now sync my contacts and calendars over the net, but no mail as of yet "
negative,in LOveeee &lt;3 and it hurts
negative,I hate being away from her... I cant sleep alone anymore
negative,Depressed. Our new app's Alpha 0.0.10 is now even more complex than our last app's version 9.5. I long for those  small dev teams days.
negative,Currently watching &quot;Roommates&quot;. I miss the NYC!!!
negative,needs a hug
negative,Back at the office -     still only 3 days until another long weekend...
negative,lol yea I thought about tht ..sowey  but thnx I have some rod ones sitting around&quot; orange my fav color just didn't kno how 2 use
negative,Feeling blue...And almost everybody says that my jokes are bad.
negative,"waiting, waiting, waiting for a phone call that may mean I can actually sleep at night......but then again "
negative,hate being here
negative,"i guess graphic art didn't make the cut, huh? "
negative,may hold off on hawk. Getting a job first might be a better idea... But i want it.
negative,"I have pic of bucket kitty!! but, I'll probably post it tomorrow now. means having to find cables and connections... "
negative," - Snow, the guy I'm seeing car at work...lmao...he gonna kill me "
negative,"controlling own life not possible uni after graduation, when i start masters.  boohoo"
negative,having a major head ache!!!!  this sucks men! arrrrrrrg!
negative, - Napping? At this point you may need a few of those. GMA is gonna come early.
negative,yes it is  and i got ripped off do not shop at WOW. !!!
negative,"Slept badly.  Still feel like hell, but maybe not as bad as yesterday.  Why am I /always/ ill when I take time off work? "
negative,"At work, and a little sick "
negative,"its already 1 in the a.m. I need to sleep, especially since I have to be at school for 12 hours "
negative,Beeeaaach.
negative,What a bad day! Need comfort drink - sipping on a mocha frap here at Starbucks with Tricia. So tired
negative,"What a day! So busy, my head hurts from thinking too much! Annnd tomorrow will be the same. Woe is me "
negative,Has just realised he works with a bunch of racists.
negative,"Hi Gerry, I'm in Dublin most of the time; college "
negative,Tweet4Today: &quot;Have a limbo party while you are still supple enough to get under that bar&quot; .... Still???
negative,what? I would!  And me horny too
negative,im hungryyyy   need more sushi
negative,I really wish I had not bought the camera-less E62 that day when my 6680 went dead. I miss photographing little things. dSLR is too bulky
negative,I think I'll end up going alone  But I will see it at some point...
negative,"but those cause RSI too  RSI guides always tell to use two hands for shortcuts... Ah well, I wish you luck. Keep me posted please."
negative,I should be in that photo
negative,"Oooooh I love it!! Sorry I can't help  if you can't find it, I probably wont be able to find it because, well, you know..."
negative,"sucked in heather, sewage bath xP and poor owen in the bear  (total drama island)"
negative,Borning - thats me with a cold virus - all bunged up and eyes all squinty...bah
negative,The one day i really need to go into school and i'm not well
negative,is no longer on google
negative,She stopped eating and is just sleeping all day.  Im worried about my precious little bean.
negative,finished making chocolates and feet really hurt...
negative,Gawd! My laptop is fucked up now! System Error?! Just using my Lil brother's laptop.
negative,Freshly Squeezed lied. They only showed the video in the end!
negative,"OK so I stayed up, but didn't watch heroes  Did admin stuff and WP stuff, learned some new WP stuff and finally happy with the layout"
negative,I loved Mari Trini's songs when I was a child...
negative,Devastated that the Spiegeltent won't be coming to Edinburgh Festival this year
negative,I'm sorry. I've ruined everything between us. forgive me?
negative,I think I should not use twitter as I offend people unintentionally
negative,Mitea is missing
negative,"3 days leave then Easter, no work for a week,  Except for the long list of DIY jobs to do at home, "
negative,Heading to bed! Have to be at work in 6 hours
negative,Gnite twitter world..long day tomorrow. Night class till 10pm
negative,"is going to priceline (city) tomorrow, but lost her 'must haves' list "
negative,i miss my kitty cats
negative,"is off to the dentist, then the midwife for blood tests..whoop de frikking do "
negative,Missing  Unwell still so having phoned the office am going back to bed. It seems empty this morning. *sigh*
negative,oh man that sucks! I'm hoping to go to school HAPPY tomorrow or else it won't be good  ahhh
negative,cant be bothered gwtting dressed  x
negative,is tired of flowchart Kens
negative,"Haha, well i have lived in texas the past 12 years, i think that explains itself. Lol. Si habla espaool. "
negative,Completely addicted to my iPhone. It's like a bad habit.
negative,wanting some sunshine so we can lay in the pool
negative,still up trying to finish a mix
negative,fucken a man lol. tiring night at work. hope to get this job! for got bout the hills  dang nabbit lol..
negative,This sickness is making it impossible for me 2 sleep!! That and how hot I am
negative,You're so lucky! I wish I did.
negative,I wish I could. I HAVE to keep my door open for other people that may need me.
negative," thanks, you too&lt;3"
negative,still sore  comes put tomorrow though!
negative,shutting off twitter
negative,Friendfeed beta doesn't appear to like my Twitter account
negative,Hmm.. The work is not easy. Wasted two hours for a silly mistake. Now one system is too slow
negative,"where did you find that quote... no, don't answer, better sleep! xoxo from Germany (where it's already morning  )"
negative,you know a Monday's really bad when it spills over to tuesday.
negative,can't sleep.  And wondering why my following keeps going down?    Guess I gotta try and be more interesting!  Haha.
negative,boycotting work: on facebook's fashion war.
negative,"faces a mammoth task for the rest of the day, so many things to do, so little time   "
negative,is so 'jeles' argh.  sy pn mau jln sm kau jg. *sadddddddddddddish
negative,Annoying place. 4pm and half the hawker's closed. I want otah!
negative,"mm, twitter appears to have eaten some of my posts. naughty twitter "
negative,At University of Hawaii's Hamilton Library.  Doing HW  drinking orange soda
negative,Masha is alone and sad
negative,"To the people who called out to me on the red carpet, I was blinded by the lights! "
negative,omg i can't believe this. i want to cry. freaking fb spoiled me!!! how could this happen??
negative,Watching Interesting set/filming updates. I wish I was in Cardiff.
negative,"Struggling regarding the fact that dance is 5 days away!!  On the other side, Vacation!!!!"
negative,Ummm so I have to wait until 6am for the video
negative,"ow ow ow, tummy ache, too much candy. i never learn "
negative,"Anyone else having trouble accessing their replies? When I click on the link on the right, nothing happens. I can't access them "
negative,Feel yucky sick this morning
negative,"nah, same one, rang up to see what progress was, someone else has offered but been rejected, they reckon 117-118+ to get it "
negative,is feeling terribly sick right now!
negative,ugh! i wake up and ff goes to sleep  guess i should just do more revision
negative,"i wanna see twilight again. love it, but i don't have the dvd.  oh well... guess i surive."
negative,"r.i.p baby girl sandra cantu.....my prayers r with the cantu family, be strong! "
negative,i'd like to know why I never sleep.
negative,"Away from Tubingen and the Germs, yes, away from friends, not so much "
negative,"completing reports and meetings this morning.  Interviewing people this afternoon, busy bee today blurrgghh "
negative,?????? ? ?? ???? ???????? ???? ???? ??????????? ?????? ??? ????? - There was a problem with your picture
negative,"I need Coffee, lol, I saw you tweet this on McInTEC Net lol  it comes up before Mibbit, Mibbit is so slow on Twitter, it sucks "
negative,Well everyone. after a super adventurous 2 days Luke has gone home  Let us all morn the loss of a hero. Im off to continue playing Sims 2.
negative,i really want a puppy
negative,"&quot;Blip.fm is undergoing maintenance.&quot; sorry, no music tweets for now. I'm shaking already "
negative,"I cant watch, it sucks "
negative,"unfortunately, I didn't dream about shoes "
negative,No TravoRadio this morning. BlipFM is down.
negative,this is me word for word. my stomach is all fucked up. sucks
negative,hey why aren't you playing at GayDays this year?  every year i know Tracy's night will be the best night.
negative,money isnt suppose to depress you
negative,im okay.. Im just really really missing my best friend
negative,"I did the PET course last time I was in SF. OK on theory (which I knew), not so good on tools (what I was after) "
negative,My Achilles heel for spending is X DVD's for '?0 in HMV
negative,AppleTV has died  dreading diagnosis
negative,is not looking forward to class and work tomorrow.
negative,A day negotiating wth insurers after spilling beer on my laptop last night.  Probably to no avail.
negative,nobody is talking to me
negative,Just woke up
negative,BKK has protest  maybe Ho Chi Minn City?!
negative,i'm hella breaking out
negative,is probably sick. FFS.
negative,is poorly sick
negative,"Kutner's gone?? Really have to see the new episodes, urgently! But they aren't available on DVD yet. "
negative,"goodnight nobody, since i have no followers nobody can see me say this "
negative,Darn! Forgot that tonight's shoot was postponed. Will be at a loose end now!&quot;
negative,Amazon mp3 downloads down to 29p So much for my 10%  Cheers
negative,I hope you feel better soon  Being ill is no fun at all.
negative,is finally home after a shitty day at work doing floorset......
negative,maybe an insomniac.. or just nocturnal
negative,- I have been told by friends that constantly circle the globe that the flight from the UK to downunder is the worst ever!
negative,"In a queue for a ticket at Phantasialand. Looks busy, school holidays ftl. Silver Mine and Winjas Fear are closed too "
negative,"oh man, i can't see the vid.  its ot available in my country."
negative,Tryin to take a nap. I can't sleep!!
negative,Did you update iTunes to the new version b4 you lost it? New software update killed my ipod.
positive,I LOVE u guys r the best!!
positive,im meeting up with one of my besties tonight! Cant wait!!  - GIRL TALK!!
positive,"Thanks for the Twitter add, Sunisa! I got to meet you once at a HIN show here in the DC area and you were a sweetheart. "
positive,"Being sick can be really cheap when it hurts too much to eat real food  Plus, your friends make you soup"
positive,he has that effect on everyone
positive,You can tell him that I just burst out laughing really loud because of that  Thanks for making me come out of my sulk!
positive,Thans for your response. Ihad already find this answer
positive,"I am so jealous, hope you had a great time in vegas! how did you like the ACM's?! LOVE YOUR SHOW!! "
positive,"ah, congrats mr fletcher for finally joining twitter "
positive,I RESPONDED  Stupid cat is helping me type. Forgive errors
positive,crazy day of school. there for 10 hours straiiight. about to watch the hills. told me too! ha. happy birthday JB!
positive,HOW DID I FORGET ABOUT TWO AND A HALF MEN?!?!? I LOVE THAT SHOW!!!
positive,"Haha, don't worry! You'll get the hang of it! "
positive,"At least I won't be the only one feeling lost! This may cause me many later than usual nights, already addicting "
positive,Make sure you DM me if you post a link to that video! &lt;LOL&gt;So I don't miss it   Better get permission and blessing first?
positive,Just added tweetie to my new iPhone
positive,i really don't know. i think its Globe!  yeah! sana gumaling na ko para alam ko na din kung makakasama ako! )
positive,your picture is very sweet
positive,"Catching Up on Emails, RSS and Random BACN. Then I'm cutting out early tonight (11:30PM) to have Dinner with "
positive,"Dancing around the room in Pjs, jamming to my ipod. Getting dizzy. Well twitter, you asked! "
positive,Didn't place in the Peeps contest but thanks for voting anyways.
positive,Going to bed so goodnight everyone  and sweet dreams
positive,walking over to put the deposit down tomorrow
positive,"is now followinq , you shud do tha same "
positive,Are you meant to add on the back of that &quot;twittering from a toilet cubicle somewhere&quot;?
positive,Aw i'm holding my new puppy. Well He's not mine but He's a cutie.
positive,kitteh is sleepin on my crotch which proves she likes me more
positive,agreed
positive,reaching amritsar in an hour and (if i find a bus) should be at wagah border by 2pm  -
positive, I was just thinking about you tonight!  You have to let me be the first to interview you're a famous super star
positive,happy to spend time with the family.
positive,finally going to bed!  so tired. Was gonna watch The Hills but didnt =/
positive,so effing tired of my throat hurting.... ooooohh... i just got a crazy craving for a pina colada/banana slushie!!!!
positive,upload di indowebster dong banggggg
positive,you're welcome. glad you enjoyed it.
positive,hAhAHA!! omG! we wer bOth laughiN off d hOOk!  cuz das hOW we roLLL...ryt sheLdawg?
positive,awww pookie feel better. I'll pray for you...and BAG the nurse up
positive,YAY! found a new cuddle buddy
positive,I think I met my first &quot;snob&quot; on twitter tonight. Too bad. Life goes on!
positive,Across the Universe. Sleep. Rehearsal tomorrow.
positive,"dry sweet potato, huh? "
positive,"Hi Jon! Great to hear from you! See you on the cruise, I cannot wait! Hope all is well on the Knight bus!  You are loved!"
positive,having a long conversation with mom on phone
positive,yayyy! lol. i just requested herrr. what did she say?
positive,Practicing lines/mannerisms/voices for upcoming feature shoot.  Probably driving Brock crazy.
positive,Going to go and read new moon for the 3rd time  I cant get enough of twilight series
positive,today is our two month anniversary!!! i love you sooooooo much Diana. omg you dont even know  TAR HEELS WON THE NCAA WOOT!!!!!
positive,I am bored
positive,it is a wallpaper with Red Square I was asking for
positive,Thanks for your response. Ihad already find this answer
positive,Well yeah! I only noticed cuz i'm BB too.
positive,Just tryna get inspired thats all
positive,Can't get up early enough!!!  Night workouts are much better.
positive,"Can't wait to see ur hot ass in Austin! woot woot!!! annnd love the bob with purple, i went the royal color way as well "
positive,"I got a bunch of Buffy songs too! One of my faves is &quot;Vivian&quot; by Nerf Herder, when Faith met Spike in Buffy's body. "
positive,#Devunity Wallpaper  Check this out !   --&gt;
positive,"Morning Tweetland, a long day ahead! Hope everyone has a great day  "
positive,   uploading pictures on friendster
positive,Aw dont you love that  I love for those days! Thanks about the pic ;-p
positive,noodlebox with amanda tonight
positive,"Sorrry, I'm doing like 29823782 different things. Kevin Jonas' Girlfriend "
positive,they are so serious too while singing like.. whoa  hehe lsd maybe? j/k lolol
positive,loving life... and loving you
positive, I love Sicilians best damn pizza on the planet [says I]
positive,loves chocolate milk  and that is GF YEAH..
positive,Going to Sutter Creek tomorrow to tour an old Mine
positive,"I'll look into that cho, I personally like strawberry but I'm going to become coach soon "
positive,"guess where i live. the other side of the earth  east mesa, losiento"
positive,so apart from the sore... how was the tryouts?
positive,failed physics TEST... what a homo. keeen for the holidays (2 days to go)
positive,"Just observed the update look of #Alexa website,  , looks great, seems Alexa is improving "
positive,so what can you tell us about it? I'm totally geeking out right now
positive,"BonJour Spacecowboy,I wish I was either of it .I work with Kids, can go out whenever I want and go wherever I want to "
positive,goodnight.
positive,My brother is sick too lol. Quite weird
positive,*gives a hug and a cookie* Hope you feel better!
positive,Hey Jon! It's real and I hope you take care of yourself...we don't want you to get too rundown.  ((Hugs))
positive,"Just wrote on a toilet wall... but only to correct poor spelling. And in highlighter, so it will wash off. HARDCORE "
positive,had a good tech meeting at clubZone - dinner was sushi
positive,Thanks for the hook up with and suggesting me again bro! you rock!
positive,depends on which version they thought you  the one I know doesn't go like that ;)
positive,hand is still pretty weak i cant like punch anyone out yet or turn knobs but it doesnt hurt much
positive,Lurkers now that was interesting
positive,mine is B North. Still need to decide 'aaru hithavaru ninage ee moovaroLage' to vote
positive,um I bought my shit from the Koreans its OACH  highest quality out there baby  I paid an extra 3.50 2 get a real tag sewed in
positive,eating ice-cream with chocolate topping
positive,your telling me.. just finished doing 200 crunches!  step it up Diddy ! LETS GO!
positive,daaang i didn't know it was possible to talk that long! what'd you guys talk about
positive,West.  Mostly San Jose and San Francisco.
positive,"Nikki is off working her ass off on a bike, trying to recover from her knee injury.  (Good for her. "
positive,I would love to come help unpack   Let me know where I need to be Sat afternoon!
positive,shenagians!  my team is awesome&lt;3
positive,listening to some music and just chilling....I'll probably regret not getting work done...but till then i'm just gonna kick back
positive,I am doing a study of Think &amp; Grow Rich - Wow - it's amazing how timeless the law of attraction is! So now we're on our 6 step program!
positive,Oh good!  I'm glad you're feeling better!   I've been really good!  It'll be a crazy week though... In a good way!
positive,21 Days till chris comes home and 67 days till summer
positive,"Yeah, those were the days  - no, it's now around 1.47ish..."
positive,am I the first one to tell you you tweet the most while drinking! LOL.
positive,Kay thanks.
positive,Goodnight
positive,I am determined to get back into baseball -- it's been 5 years since I've really watched the sport. Anyone interested in going to a game?
positive,"Good for you Becca, have a good sleep. "
positive,and ur home is where? ohhh i nkow lexington ky rite next to me
positive,Just seen the preview for the movie &quot;Obsessed&quot; w/ Beyonce. Wow one crazy broad in that movie &amp; Beyonce seems to go nuts in it too!
positive,Easy Rider till I fall asleep
positive,"I'm very, very, very excited about the live broadcast of Paris-Roubaix. "
positive,"just had a real good moment. i missssssssss him so much, "
positive,I have two too. I just don't know how people survive winter without jungle gyms at home
positive,Just started to work. But it's the last one before holidayholiday!!
positive,Watchin Greek then off to Knighty Knight!!
positive,i am working on my media room design and i love love love my client profile
positive,its pretty lame..hahaha but yay i get to stalk your sexy ass on here now
positive,"Aww, thanks "
positive,Another good day  nitey nite everyone! First day of school tomorrow!!! Ahh I'm kinda nervous yet excited...til tomorrow!
positive,thinking and planning
positive,"Good enough.. time to go sleep off whatever I can, be happier tomorrow ? here's Hopin.. go check my Fb. for what is in store for me now. "
positive,"what do you mean, I do those things now and I'm OLD! "
positive,been listening to that all morning
positive, and you have me to thank for that
positive,"Thanks Pam... glad you enjoyed it. Yes, life is short, it's *now*. No need to struggle... just make better choices every day. "
positive,"hmm you have a lot to say tonight! That's great!  Of course, here I am up late reading it. haha"
positive,"congrats on 100,000 followers. Wow almost 4 times of what I have "
positive,ARE WE GOING TO BE GETTING ANY NM UPDATES THIS TIME AROUND? I'm not really screaming. Just wondering. Thanks!
positive,that's freakin' cooool   i love twitter .haha
positive,maybe. there's nothing wrong with being caring. but try not to care too much.
positive,why does Brissa not even know she has a twitter? -Lauren
positive,I thought it was a great love story
positive,"No, that's just the mirror you're looking in. "
positive,thanks!  i couldn't have done it without you
positive,"wow that was neat, thanks God! OVERITNOW&lt;3  i apologize for sharing my spiritual moment with the general public of Twitter "
positive,... 31 days until I leave for Ontario!!
positive,Just spoke with my fam in #Japan via #Skype! Love to see my little 16-mo-old nephew growing!
positive,ahh i only just saw you'd written that where does it tell you that someones spoken to you? this sucks but mcfly got it haha loser
positive,holy laundry woman!
positive,"I hate it too, but I just got back from the trainer. Go! "
positive,lol you're so fucking funny
positive,"working on setting up my ipod touch, which as of today is officially mine!! "
positive,saw the tvc yesterday.. worked for me
positive,Jon could totally say Mannies and Peddies and I would shut my fat face about it.
positive,"Hahaha! Well if they ever run out of ideas, I'm nominating you to come up with some good ones. "
positive,A friend feels like a beer on a Monday night. That's never good. But beer is always good. Always.
positive,"One usually follows the other, no? "
positive,"Thanks, Special 72!  "
positive,"Good luck for Lauren and the rest of the cast of TBS, can't wait for something to leak "
positive,"Shoot For The Moon! Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars. "
positive,"hmm, that I don't agree with entirely because I am most creative &amp; vibrant night for some reason...but I need 2 sleep too "
positive,nada just tryna holla holla.   hows the mixtape coming up?
positive, yep it makes it so much easier to get points across in 140
positive," The freezer-worthy has already given it her scholarly attention, but I suppose another set of eyes could hurt not."
positive, - my cupcakes
positive,"And its a wonderful thing!  I'm all in favor of using the entire English language (shit, I use #expletives too, I think) "
positive,haha! i'm not saying u should try it.. but maybe u should
positive,"back from school, long walk! its flippin cold outside  2 days ago it was sunny, next day raining, and today snowing!"
positive,I just ate raw cookie dough out of a tub and now to bed. We must be kindred spirits
positive,": agreed. internet? random. but i like random. watched dirty dancing, great movie, i thought of your song..  nighty night"
positive,Just use Tweetdeck and you can update facebook and twitter at the same time
positive,"- Dude, stars are always awesome.    Surprised to see you tweeting."
positive,k. i'll try to figure it out. i'm gonna go to bed. night night
positive,amazing night with llama and malcolm and megan&lt;---fuck the theatre!
positive,Just had a martini myself.
positive,city all day soo happy to be home. school in the morning
positive,My spring break= watching moviess all day everyday for a week
positive,&quot;Grandpa wants an ice chest and some beef.&quot;  George Lopez rulesss!
positive,thank you Katie! heading to the club as we speak! you have yourself a stellar night as well... take it easy homey!!
positive," Where have all the flowers gone, Peter Paul &amp; Mary  My fav, def."
positive,shhhhhhhhhh....time to watch the Hills.
positive,"since posting the 2 new photos on my website with the kids my hit count went up...way, way, way up. love to china for 5,000 views alone. "
positive,Oh its real Jon!  We all r so excited that u and the guys came back 4 us.  We appreciate all you put out there!
positive,Thank you! Am at home pretty much everywhere. Provided I have broadband ...kiddin'
positive,Callin it a night! I always have the best sleep after a good workout!!
positive,Feels pretty good doesn't it?
positive,but you did go to hash bash anyway..
positive,"correction, i GOT a badass fringe. "
positive,"hmmm, sure sure  so what r u upto ? hows the day for u?"
positive,I agree.  My kids got &quot;Who am I&quot; 4 Christmas. It's bn fun but I caught my 4 yrold cheating by looking at reflection in TV
positive,My hair is blue.
positive,Thank you for the kind words!  I appreciate it.  Have a great night
positive,stressing over this math test...uhhh....2 days till spring break!!!!
positive,"uh, because we really need each other, plus, you'd be my designated driver on PCH "
positive,WHATCHA CHUCKLIN BOUT MS.YEN
positive,the gym is an awesome place! work it out
positive,hmmm think we need to get you climbing up hills .. you'll be really sining then
positive,Just won 20$ on unc game
positive,Really tired. Going to prepare for bed. G'night!
positive,the new story of your life will include magic fountain with me
positive,"Im getting nervous that this trip tomorrow may be a little boring. Haha oh well, i always have my trusty ipod and my books of course  lol"
positive,should be going to bed... maybe i'll do that... but i'm thinking I'll put on Anastasia on my laptop as i fall asleep
positive, - I love ur top
positive,"still buzzing from SIETAR... thanks to for pushing the old boundaries - boy, someone could make money off a twitter manual... "
positive,"I have terrible back and neck aches too... Get a good chair, that will help.  I am waiting for my &quot;SWOPPER&quot; to arrive. "
positive,"Hellz yeah, definitely downloading. Thanks "
positive, - we are so stinkin cute
positive,hahah not yet! but soon. very soon
positive,"Very happy with my new blog design - nice to see recent post and popular posts listed together, and it looks great! "
positive,we have much more than that in common my friend!!
positive,better be. I don't wanna have to come find u and save the dog. But I would!  I'm all 4 the animals . Call off the twit police
positive,"nilagyan mo ng knorr seasoning mix ulit ung pancakes mo?! hehehe. teka, heaven and eggs ba to? "
positive,hello westney  what are you doing ?? x
positive,well my night seems pretty boring in comparison to the strokes you've experienced tonight
positive,I love the way you draw giraffe eyelashes.
positive,ahhh shiner Bock in Austin YES! thanks for the Twitter so I can relive too
positive,Glad to read it!
positive,spent the evening outside in the beautiful warm weather. finally feels like spring
positive,pullin an all nighter wit my bffl madison
positive,Thanks for putting on such a great event. Can't wait for the inevitable sequels!
positive,"I don't know why I still find this hilarious after hearing it like 200 times in a row, but I doooo  ?
positive,you are too
positive,that big oaf can play piano?
positive,Bryon is my tea bitch
positive,"Oh, they can stay. You on the other hand... "
positive,I am gonna help my mom get a twitter
positive,Yup!! saw the entire match....reached office late..
positive,"going to bed. My bb isn't working &amp; I'm bored.  Night all. Love me harder tomorrow, than you did today. Peace, Prayers, &amp; Blessings."
positive,ya we did trying to beat traffic but ya hope to be back soon
positive,"India wins a test series in New Zealand after 41 years! If it wasnt for rain on the final day, India would have won the third test too "
positive,Was driving in Old madras road on my bike!! There is no concept called parking on the side
positive,can I apply to be in your class too?
positive,is reading manga
positive,Thanks....it seemed the right moment. I love your show.  Your songs bring me joy.
positive,ROflmao... niqqa please. you ackin' a fool now.
positive, -
positive,"also, your website seems to be down, FYI. pity, I wanted to check it out  sure you knew that though."
positive,so let's make it right!
positive,"We.... went professional in October 2008, we've just not update any of our websites or anything until yesterday "
positive,thanks for the tip on Sam's Club!
positive,yep Mornings are the Best! nighttime is chill time
positive,yay!!! hehe TWINS
positive,Thank you
positive,"&quot;City of Ember&quot; was AWESOME!!! SO have to finish the book and read the next one (ones?) now.  Time for bed possibly? Who knows, really. XD"
positive,"OMG, I would have died!!! actually no, I take that back...I keep an updated version on my X:drive so it's all good "
positive,You and i mate!
positive, just watched the movie Wanted... it was pretty darn good.
positive,just got home from Neil's. watched Nick &amp; Nora's Playlist... pretty funny
positive,"ah yes, twitter seems to be the perfect venue for whining and wasting time.  now that's my idea of fun "
positive,hell yeah! there's the effin man!
positive,Dont be lazy............try a few out.... tools are to make life easy for lazy people
positive,"Oh goodness, I didn't know you could message friends on here! Hello Ai "
positive,Thinks everyone needs to go buy Tina Parol's song Who's Got Your Money on iTunes ... NOW!
positive,can't wait for vegas
positive,Hey Debby
positive,One sixty six in bowling. Holy shit lol
positive,"dear dbq, you were a pain in the asssss. i'm glad i'm DONE with you! "
positive,and now off to bed after an amazing night chatting with a pretty amazing guy  ( you know who you are)
positive,"What a coincidence! I was just stalking your Twitter feed and the GSoC news. ;) I'm doing great, thanks. How about you? "
positive,"has discovered that she loves easter crafts, eggs, hot cross buns... feel like watching the prince of egypt to aid my easter meditations "
positive,"Didn't get my nap before, thinking I really need one now. Be back later, twitterpeeps. "
positive,Trying to figure out a way to pay it forward
positive,oh oh oh!!! gonna go buy Twilight on DVD today  I have to extend my overdraft for the 2nd time in as many weeks so I may aswell!!
positive,my very first twitter  awww
positive,glad you like
positive,"woo, you won't regret it. "
positive,thanks so much
positive, Please?:
positive,haha i saw that one the other day. sad. i'm entirely too addicted to that site now. endless laughs
positive,this is nuts! thanks  I am dying over heah!
positive,"hey mark, i want to know if the song &quot;Life's So Boring&quot; is really blink 182 , please tell me  doubt been on my head for years"
positive,"by Jordan, I think he's got it!  "
positive,"up and running, London calling "
positive,"What A Day  I Just Loved It. Sun, Food And My Girls  Cannot Be Beaten. Eyyy! I Bused It Home Tooo Hahaa. Have An Ace Time Darl.  xxxx"
positive,just got home from school (: meant to be getting my hair cut .. but i cbf. lol dancing soon
positive,"Sleeeeeeeeeep, then an interview tomorrow! Wish me luck "
positive,Awwh babs... you look so sad underneith that shop entrance of &quot;Yesterday's Musik&quot;  O-: I like the look of the new transformer movie
positive,I just friended you on LJ
positive,eating ice cream to reduce the heat
positive,wow san diego is so beautiful. even more so now that we won  but whats a good game without a good fight(;
positive,Doing a disciplinary PhD with the support/structure of a New Media program like that sounds heavenly
positive,"must sleep, big day tomorrow. two tests AND class registration for next sem. ahh! goodnight, twitterers "
positive,"I've seen one of those aisles in Borders in Oxford. They're... well, tragic "
positive,Erin Esurance is so hot. Carry on
positive,not there yet. And i beleive so  red carpet sighting i hope.
positive,the cars in Fast and Furious get me excited
positive,Jennifer
positive,Wall-E is a great battle for stress.   Yay for staying up all night and doing homework together!
positive,"It's been a while since i have watched the Cosby Show, i forgot how funny it was  BUT CAN'T SLEEP THOUGH grrrrr"
positive,"Hehe, thanks   Was going for the incendiary headline this time "
positive,Happy Morning!
positive,"Um, my kids get up at 5am &amp; need their breakfasts cooked, you ready? "
positive,I wasn't late  I was right on time
positive,Thanks buddy *high fives* hehe
positive,Could not agree more!The unison&amp; committment was incredible.Considering the pressure they r under made it all the more amazing
positive,"lol! you counted 15 times! Yeah, it was a drag today...wasn't sure if my tweets were going out. seems to behave now though "
positive, - and you are cooler than her she just wants the babiiesss O_O HAHAHAHA
positive,heyyyyyy want to hook it up!! lol
positive,Saddle Ranch Comedy night. Then back to the boy's house
positive,Today I performed for the first and last time at the Grebel talent show. 4 exams left until undergrad is over
positive,white!!
positive,"haha... sarapan aja belum kok, udah disamperin sama client di rumah...  "
positive, i do embrace the simple life.  simple things like a new kids reunion makes me an extremely happy girl
positive,"Need to send 'em to my accountant tomorrow. Oddly, I wasn't even referring to my taxes. Those are supporting evidence, though. "
positive,"Sigh, wish I could have a GMIC meeting here in San Diego! Spoke to Johanna already, she said it was great... "
positive,had a wonderful Portland evening! Thanks Carrie
positive,6:37 in the morning and haven't been sleep   YAY!
positive,Headed off to Wal*Mart for more boxes. Uber excited
positive,scowls are a lot more temporary than adulthood
positive,I'm melting. *sighs* Serendipity is such a sweet sweet movie. I love it.
positive,wake up with ah Jon tweet. The Best start for my day  thx Jon love You
positive,Got an inspiration -&gt; dyeing my hair!
positive,just  created this account...looking around
positive,I'm gunnna do both of those things
positive," - So far, it is interesting. "
positive,"Haven't tweeted nearly all day  Posted my website tonight, hopefully that goes well  Night time!"
positive,"    that's a long-time, good for you!   "
positive,(jizzin' in my pants excited about seeing ARMIN VAN BUUREN tomorrow
positive,"Good luck, and let me know how it goes! "
positive,"Congrats from Peru! You were/are amazing! i was speechless,thank u so much! come here someday plz, ill wait forever seriously! "
positive,Congrats on the newborn! Our first is due in June
positive,Dodgers beat the Padres  Go Blue!
positive,lol esp when your updates hit my phone...
positive,I'm just glad you appreciate Iowa.    Come back in late summer when they're cutting hay...  best..smell.. EVER!
positive," Having fun, loving life, happy to be in the game. Everything else is a bonus. Not just BS either!"
positive, awww. Is there anything i can do
positive,But I do not mind.  Goodnight
positive,oh lets let it be a surprise.
positive,Proud future member of the R.B.
positive,heyy!  you got those pictures of Donnie's gift on the USB stick?!
positive,Giant Drag &quot;Wicked Game&quot; ?  #musicmonday - Better than the original &amp; the commercial promo song for Nip/Tuck season 5!
positive,Fabulous post about WordAhead!  And overall loved your blog.
positive,Much Luv to &amp; who's now following me on twitter!!
positive,rocks. But don't tell her I said that
positive,"If it's something you will enjoy and will make you happy, why not do it? "
positive,"just discovered tonight that her church is serving breakfast on Easter!  (I'm not sure why this is so exciting, but I suspect the baby...)"
positive,
positive,Morning
positive,finally back on twitter
positive,God sho love him some me  feeling really really blessed tonight++++++
positive,i can't wait to see you buddy
positive,thanks Allan! They are photos from a Joolz Soiree I held up in Brisbane last year
positive,there is link about how to enjoy dark chocolate within the post..
positive,"if i know how to do something, and have time... Its so easy to answer "
positive,"Wow, the house looks so different...AND OH MY GOD MY DOGGIES "
positive,ahhh loved this sunny day....I am working a good sun burn on my nose
positive,I had to read it last semester.  By &quot;read&quot; I mean skim for keywords and read online outlines.   Got an A too
positive,Yay! Love Box.net  My first business partner Sam Ghods is on the founding team. SO proud of him 4 building an excellent utility
positive,Glad to hear that you had such a great night! You rock &amp; I hope tonight is just the 1st of many feel good shows for you!
positive,Anyone else catch Scott Bakula's &quot;Oh Boy&quot; in #Chuck tonight?
positive,the media is a trip [period] we have to guard our minds...along with our hearts. Don't fret ms.badu UR THE BEST!! its true
positive,"Ahh, the tedium of fixing broken file links in Inventor.  Good times.  "
positive, where!!?!?
positive,MONDAYS ARE WHAT YOU MAKE OF IT.
positive,Well in the past two days I have had 45 min. of sleep.  I'm going to watch TV while laying in bed and try to sleep.. Night peepers
positive,I'm officially going to bed! Goodnight
positive,I now have painting clothes!
positive,LOL not yet my brutha from anotha mutha
positive,ryanrossfanz  &lt;-- FOLLOW THEM!  Ryan is uber!
positive,you close your eyes and pick one and hit reply.
positive,Connections Academy has been great for our family...and thousands more across the country!  Happy to tell you more
positive,"hum nice 1! lol take something..LOL yeah party over there, haha u kno them drunk ass's  Will i b seeing you Janets party??"
positive,#nightcard The Star: what a wonderful card for a new beginning both for you and Ankie 1.0  Welcome!
positive,Loves the German bakeries in Sydney. Together with my imported honey it feels like home
positive,I'm an uncle now!
positive,Levon...couldn't have said it better my self.
positive,"I should change my name to qoosfr (queen of obscure science fiction references) instead of cbn2, which only 1 person understands. "
positive, Our picnic will be fabulous!
positive,Welcome back to NYC!
positive,Sorry I am talking to my best friend.. So I havent replied!!  But I can talk to you too!
positive,oh ok then i am gonna go and buy one for when i come up there
positive,tafe quiz then PHOTOSHOOT with my sezdawg
positive,good luck with your challenge
positive,oh oh found some clothes!!  And i love em xD
positive,Rocking out to No Doubt and gonna start up some more Neverwinter Nights
positive,"phew! all that hair, gyal! "
positive,keepin it real.
positive,&lt;------ Branded
positive,"I'm adding my fellow PFers.  Nice to see so many of us here, too! "
positive,Had a good time at Eat n Park drinking a latte and playing Munchkin Impossible with
positive,- I'm sure you and your site will!
positive,Good luck with the cruise!! Your gonna need it!
positive," well, I'm doing whatever our neighbor tells us, and if that produces vegetables, I'm cooking them!"
positive,"Hi there, Cel.  How are you doing today?"
positive,"Goooooood morning, Chubbx  how are you today?"
positive,Don't blame me.  I just like good things. ;)
positive,okay! I think little oven again on wednesday!  7-9pm?
positive,that's most excellent  lotsa people loving you hehe *Winks*
positive,"it's an odd little thing isn't it, 'is it from another planet?'.... but i think i like it "
positive,"amidst all these recession talks, my friend told me yesterday that she got a pay hike  it sure is a nice to hear that."
positive,is now using windows and tweetdeck... temporarily...
positive,I Joined ShoeDazzle Society by I am Excited! Can't wait for my Shoe selection!  Link:
positive,"I know - I should have made some, taken them to my meetings &amp; I should have foreseen my sister was going 2 pick up a stray "
positive,you can DIRECT MESSAGE us/me/all of us...whatever you want
positive,here it is
positive,Week 2 of the fitness challenge and I'm starting off strong.  Just submitted my stats for the night and it ain't bad
positive,Your Following for a Reason.....  www.facesbyrozzj.com
positive,"I missed twitter, ym, multiply and PET SOCIETY. I haven't been able to use the internet because I was quite busy for the past few days. "
positive,"Juz watchin' 3 eps. of your show HM, I must say I instantly became a fan of urs! ;D Lovin' ur humor so mucho! More power 2 u! "
positive,I have a new background  It didn't exactly work how I wanted but I was bored with the old one.
positive,If you are at #Paragon please vote my work!  LOL
positive,I keep forgetting you are in a different time zone than normal! I see your 'tweets' about the morning when it's 10:45pm here!
positive,Do you have an example of the animation? I mean a youtube video or something? I'm curious to see it work. Snowing there too?
positive,Need an invite to hunch?
positive,Thought you were a Mac
positive,Maybe Jordan could help you answer a few? Just an idea..
positive,"Finally made my map of Panama. &quot;What's a Panama, is that like an animal?&quot; Haha love my friends "
positive,
positive,I will gladly give you the squirrel in Jenny's house if you join us. A SQUIRREL. It'll kill two birds with one stone!
positive,Got the vocals done! now time for the best part: the music track or bed! whichever you wanna call it lol
positive,"will be part of my friend's wedding entourage. In Tagalog, abay sa kasal. I'll be carrying the veil. Thanks, Mau. "
positive,"it's the weather, petal. don't sweat it ... oh ...  ... sorry ... "
positive,Hey There ! How are you today?
positive,"Whoops, sorry to anyone trying to email me earlier today. My inbox was full but should now be empty "
positive,lol i wasnt complaining just making sure wasnt getting off before me but cleared that up
positive,That is one freaky movie. I like &quot;I got life&quot;
positive,Megan is hanging out
positive,Going to bed and then up early to prep for an interview in Cleveland tomorrow
positive,A healthy remedy for you AND your dog   #dogs
positive,That was sick. Soma rocks.
positive, yep..lol  I was bored... Edward is hunting with the guys..
positive,HEYYYYYYYYYYY YOU
positive,"Studying philosophy and math... &lt;----BLAH aka listening to music and on twitter, facebook, and myspace "
positive,There is no way on earth that you can answer everyone  Will you ask Donnie if he got the gift from my 9 yr old lastnight?
positive,on my psp browser for the first time in over a year
positive,good luck to you
positive,Is glad the Angels won their first game of the season.
positive,I have absolutely no doubt that I will!  here's to your continued success
positive,Another day in the office... 2 days to go.
positive,nice  yeah so wish I could afford those things
positive,I want to see that too! But it'll take so long to get 800 friends..
positive,Uploading the greatest cartoon from the Newspaper ever - regarding Twitter.
positive,"glad you liked! That Henry Ford had a good idea every now and then, didn't he? "
positive,Studying with friends!  that's my update
positive,im glad everythings going good for you guys
positive,"Don't worry about it, we are just happy to have you on here! "
positive,"I'll get those stuff fr the UK/Japan. If I'm desperate enough for headphones from the US, I might do JAC. My tita can be slow. "
positive,You wouldn't happen to still be in NYC doing gigs on Friday or Saturday next week?
positive,ty  - soon I upload too  Emmylou Harris '?I'll Be Your Baby Tonight (GR8FL)  ?
positive,cheeck thiss hand cuz im marvelous ;) boy.. idk hoow im gona make it threw this weeeek
positive,Watching Seven Pounds with my mom. I hope i dont fall asleep. AfterMidnightProject TOMORROW!
positive,"awesome.  home from work around 430, and then have to take the puppy out, then to Capones. "
positive, That photo IS Vegas
positive, yeah!  opening day too!
positive,I feel you I hate working out too! But our results will be MAJOR! When you look good you feel good!
positive,the A's are my AL team
positive,had a really good day    off to do some shoppping
positive,ok..I did it...hope it works now
positive,good night  sweet dreamz
positive,I hope that Scentsational doesn't get dissed
positive,will invite people to twitter.
positive,Coming soon enough my friends - Big project in works for just that - Good new and only good news
positive,woohoo!  yeah that day i was rockin it hard core
positive,"Hey Jon we all love ya and understand,that's all it counts  "
positive,no internship yet but ive got a place to stay. w/ any luck i'll spend some time in teaneck before heading back to utah
positive,"If I can make it to bed without running into a wall or tripping over my own feet, that is. Heh. "
positive,"Yes, using it for 3 week now. Pretty happy with the result "
positive,Exactly!!
positive,i wonder how long i can stay up until i pass out and wake up again at 6
positive,Great words of wisdom D-Dub!! Now can you tell the doctor to let me have some alcohol &amp; caffeine!!
positive,so good knight and sleep well.  I know I will now!!
positive,exhausted! but glad i got to see UNC become national champs!
positive,Centrelink wasnt as bad as I thought it was going to be !!!!
positive,wouldn't want you any other way!
positive,Is hella excited cuz the Italian is here
positive,"Love having access to a research machine with 4 quad core 64 bit opterons, and 60 gigs of ram "
positive,"It was quick, but exhausting. 1 day a time "
positive,Jasmine and Bohdi are here for the holidays!!
positive,I'm good! Had some very strange dreams last night but hey dreamin' means i'm sleepin'  How's you this morning?
positive,going outside to jump on my trampoine  WOOOT!
positive,today was rad. we made it into the finals for cross country YAY. love you sophie &lt;3 (L) ps everythins cool with my mates
positive,"LOL, I was thinking the same thing "
positive,"Don't feel pressured, none of us EXPECT a reply back, we're just happy to be able to listen to you talk  "
positive,Oh &quot;Shooter&quot; is a good movie!  Only seen it once tho.  Gotta put that back on my &quot;to watch&quot; list!
positive,I can tell u have spoken. FB &amp; Twitter are on Fire right now!!  Hope ur feelin better love.  have a great night...
positive,"i hate morn workouts bc i love to sleep late  ha have fun in mexico! love the show, is the trip gonna air on keeping up?"
positive,"i'm feeling somewhat artistic...time to break out the sketching pad, i feel a new dress design coming "
positive,"go on, Mary's listening "
positive,
positive,nodame cantabile is &lt;3. I think I'm falling in love with classical music.
positive,"...so i just ordered my copy of Hardcore Underground 3  love me, love me! Canary in skinny jeans going balls deep."
positive,&amp; the dinner menu this week is something pasta-y (we have cheese?) and also chicken noodle soup.
positive,"new jersey, here i come "
positive,on facebook
positive,"good point, 2 draw  2 don't  nice quote though. I like that."
positive,goodnight
positive,"Lead Me To The Cross is one of my favorites!! Great job, D!!! "
positive,just got back from starbucks.. tried the tea with lemonade very good  miss gg already. 1st one!
positive,BOOM BOOM POW-oops
positive,The Super Red Diva !!!  Stupid University
positive,This latest episode of NewNowNext is like full of awesome!
positive,"When you just want things to end, remember to have faith because one day, it's all going to be alright "
positive,PBnJen : Thanks for the great tour and making me even more excited to work in PR!  You Rock and so does S&amp;B-would love to work there!
positive,YOU give me joy....and you have for years. You are such an amazing man and we are all lucky to know you.
positive,"Did you check out  We aren't a dictionary, but we are all about Visual Vocabulary!  Come have fun."
positive,Artistic affirmation from a drunk lady was kinda just what I needed!
positive, Honey goodnight I am up really early in the morning busy day will catch up with you later tomorrow
positive,"A je kak'en rip od Trenutek resnice? Link, link, link "
positive,Lamb Chowmein for dinner tonight.... hhhmmm with slightly roasted buttered dinner rolls! YUM YUM YUM... so hungry
positive,tweeting from my brand new Sony PSP... just because I CAN!!
positive,Hey you should go on tour sometime with your brother! Metro Station is freakin awesome!
positive,"well tweeps, im off, i gotta have a shower then go get a haircut. good bye everyone "
positive,I've just seen your Flickr and I've fallen in love!!! Just Wonderful!!! Awesome... !!!
positive,Sorry it wasn't Wrath of Khan.  But we made do.
positive,"juggernaut, dr. doom, magneto, &amp; xavier!  ahahah today was a good day n__n"
positive,we'll have a geek off next time you are in Tahoe!! But you need to get miss vicky jay reciting star wars by then
positive, aww dont make me blush!
positive,trying to figure this thing out
positive,watching &quot;The Princess Bride&quot; I want a Wesley!!!
positive,you can buy my fiances duplex in Terwillegar
positive,i could really eat some cheese  i have a hankering for some austrian smoked cheese. YUM!
positive,I am so FUCKING jealous of you girl. Have fun though  xxx
positive,my bunnys name was Lucy  you can go ahead and guess who she was named after lmao
positive,any updates for iPhone OS 3.0 yet? I miss you guys
positive,"Denise, I love you. "
positive,"Happy Morning, la toat? lumea!  "
positive,well you can always digg or stumble...both have aided me greatly in wasting countless hours of my life
positive,vote for  !  yayyy
positive,"Played gpokr.com, busted some n00b arses  waiting for pokerstars freeroll to begin and having coffeeeeeee!!!"
positive,&quot;convenience&quot; of the remedy &lt;---That's just cuz you are a doc!  #24
positive,Karaoke with XT on Wed and drum lessons on Thursday!!! What a week... I'll work somewhere in there
positive,Type it on the blog post and print it
positive, Obi und Hornbach. #Baumarkt (via twitter.com):  Obi und Hornbach. #Baumarkt
positive,"Aw, thanks...let's hope so! I am more worried about Geoff's teeth! Hope you are having a good day, H or HB. "
positive,Watching Keith Olbermann(late late rerun) then it's on to The Daily Show which is having Michael J. Fox on as guest. My high school crush
positive,we found a great Chinese place to hang out at
positive,"heh, thanks for advertising my skills "
positive,not at ALL.  I was SO offline from here for about 6 wks with my PACKING and then MOVING to #Vegas.
positive,I'm excited about the books you received too!
positive,8 more days Wahlberg.. .then it's YOU and ME !!    Finally!!!
positive,if im following u. . .its mandatory u follow me
positive,the dvd is with me. will bring when we meet next
positive,well i dunno..i didnt give him an ans yet  u kno who am i talkin bout??
positive,how that big baby boy doing? How are you and Em doing? Have you figured out you may never get a full nights rest again?
positive,Hurry up and be the first person to publish a book of twitters!
positive, I like that one. I've used it on a project here.
positive,playing with my new toys
positive,A fair goodnight sweet Twitters. Have pleasing dreams and a restful slumber.
positive,ugh I am so jealous of you. I miss those boys. Tell them I say hi.
positive,Budget: A method for going broke methodically.    #1liners
positive,Sooo chill!  So what part do u live in? I went 2 Laguna Creek in South Sac then got my own place in Citrus Heights...
positive, How are you? Was good seeing you Lip Service last week!
positive,omg you are the best mom...your girls are blessed
positive,is watching CSI : NY.  ) Excited for Lighting Workshop.
positive,Fine-tuning part of a song Maddy and I r making.  Sounding good. I feel pro. Not. Hahaha
positive,shares Yeheeyyy! My karma has gone up
positive,"humm, the iStore had alot of similiar reqs. Maybe you should head their way "
positive,hahaha i so should of! but my nails were wet. hehe.but he was helpful  he flipped the magazine pages for me
positive,Blackberry Bold and Kingston 8gb microsd card en route
positive,DITTO! not as good as the Nirvana Sandwiches
positive,Thank you
positive,*flicks hair* I prefer to be called a &quot;twenius&quot;
positive,"And the weather in England, at this hour of the morning (6:47 am) is cool, gloomy &amp; crap. YOU have a nice day, mate! "
positive,Im going to JAY LENO!!!
positive,"Yessirrr! Don't give anyone that much power, do what makes you happy...that's why I'll be seeing you in da summah!! "
positive,ADD ME ON MYSPACE!!!  myspace.com/LookThunder
positive,how does it feel to have thousands of girls anwering ur every twitter? Must be cool
positive,"I'm up. quite... err, early. My colleague &amp; i are off for outfit hunting. Need some new gowns. Gonna leave my 2 big babies sleeping. "
positive,agghhhh  looosing my mind!!!!
positive,"Amazing night in Dallas with my Advanced TV Production class  Happy Birhtday, Sam!!"
positive,ugh... allergies are killing me tonight! this house is driving me crazy! you and i should just run off and live in a bubble together  yes?
positive,"casting director called me today, she's wicked excited &amp; is presenting us to the producers. I'll let you know when I know "
positive,I hope so too. More movies where we get to see his lil Gilles again hopefully
positive,"just gott homeee, sawww the haunting off conetticuttt. haha SCARYYY!  going to florida on thursdayyy! &lt;3"
positive,glad to see my household problems entertain you
positive,hope you had fun
positive,is home. Hmmm how lovely to be in 85 degree weather.
positive,Then I'll you a Vancooooooover shout out to your new &quot;personal&quot; account.
positive,Yeah right!! Just hang out with the cast and accidentally have ALEX fall in love with you too right???
positive,There's always something good happening in our lives. We just have to open our eyes and take time to realize...
positive,broke ya record and i got 2 witness it  yaaaay!
positive,holler boooooo! haha I founnndddd you
positive,hey hey.
positive,Great to see you following us as well
positive,I live in Sweeeeden  it's SO boring here -.-
positive,it's only 1am here...i'm just on my way TO bed lol. weird. hope you have a good morning!
positive, me too. thought I was going to bed but had to reply to jon &amp; donnie
positive,Just bought a car!!! YAY for me!
positive,"heydemi  whats up? haha, i just wanted to say i love you music and your a really talented person. love to hear from you &lt;3"
positive,"LOL! That's ok. Yeah, we did.  He's looking forward to Thursday since we're going around for Visita Iglesia. 14 churches!"
positive,OMG .. Have to load up the iPOD off to Fresno tomorrow.. I need to stay entertained.  Leaving at 4 am urrrggg!
positive,That would be why laughed at me when I told him my username has caca in it. lol
positive,"Tune Hotels, has opened bookings for brand new rooms in its upcoming new hotels in Kuching. "
positive,Thanks!
positive,"and, by the way, thanks for helping me define that better. "
positive,try it and see. it's all trial and error.
positive,"sweet, thank you "
positive,And p.s. I'm getting paid to boss my sister around
positive,Yess! Twittering from my phone again!
positive,"still its fun to go out there. im jealous, you were at Wrigley field though., i might have to go out there this summer "
positive,"Yes... I'm going to Kenya in August for 10 days w/ Tumaini International, loving on cute AIDS orphans. SO excited! "
positive,that's nicki our monday night drag queen...
positive,Sorry no credit - switched Jose for Xavier
positive,I love that Aussie cattle dog story
positive,way to pick a winner!
positive,"called my hunnybunny, and i miss her already!  night lova'!"
positive,"Granular synth tutorial = cute  Oh, and very informative, too."
positive,100 followers - that is exciting
positive,"haha, I dunno about the gay..I read it more in a Strong Bad voice. "
positive,Trying out the new Riedel glasses
positive,I am beginning to think that you are now finally Twiverted
positive,"Hungry! Hungry hungry hungry. Starvin' like Marvin. Only, he isn't starvin' anymore, I just fed him his nightly fish-food "
positive,my lovely man is cooking me dinner and then we're going for a walk
positive,if more than one lady agrees to attend with with you then I am fine with it!
positive,I'm getting ready to drink tea.. Emma's gonna eat some Rice meal.
positive,you make me smile
positive,Your avatar is teh purdiness
positive,"totally know what u mean!this late night stuff has been 2 my detriment 4 YEARS,lol;society is discriminatory toward night ppl "
positive,Survived the night time gherkins.  Heads swimming with ideas this morning.  Only a few of them are actually workable. Time to get busy!
positive,I'm on brookes computer on piczo and twitter watching viva la bam. ?luv it? its 1:00 am and still in my skinny jeans.
positive,yep i saw him in february and i get to see on may 8th. looking forward to seeing him again
positive, check it out  my page subcribe updating soon
positive,really hungry...so i grabbed some ice cream from the freeze.
positive,I'm new and lost
positive,that is very sweet of you to say
positive,I can't wait to read that.
positive,My pinky toe has been broken for months. I should be concerned :|
positive,goodnight everyone
positive,I loved today
positive,Nessun realmente! ... I guess &quot;No! Davvvero!&quot; is what you mean
positive,I noticed a lot of Apple product placement tonight  #hhrs
positive,class surprised me with a bday cake in Lit class. best bday surprise in a LOOOOOONNNNG while
positive,Did it just begin to... reveal the true nature of the company?
positive,lol freak session wit ya wifey eh? hah
positive,yes I've met many a good one. The last one just kinda sucked
positive,yeah guys i will totally bring dublin to the party. he would love the company.
positive,noches twitterricolsss
positive,"Now I get to take Ash to and from school   Mornings will be crazy, but my kiddos will love it!"
positive,thank you
positive,too much playing wii la ... dont bluff
positive,but of course bud
positive,ok thank you for the modivation
positive,I promise.I am so tired today I think it'll be an early one for me too. Tis 4pm &amp; I'm stuffed  #blib
positive,"Like the ones i have now, but am willing to look at other ones "
positive,having a marathon now!!!!!
positive,I wish I was as cool as you..
positive,is sitting around...wondering what's next!
positive,"sweet, new episode of cagcast, thnx cheapy "
positive,"Boredum.. can be, well.... boring. lol Still figuring out twitter.. HI Mitchel... lol sorry im bugging you but i only have 3 peeps so far "
positive,so sleepy. good times tonight though
positive,My kids get up and wish you a good morning  They don't know what time it is in america
positive,Color it purple!
positive,"lmao! thanks Lee XD, would u like to join in our craziness as well lolol  ROFL come &amp; join we don't bite.. not hard anyway! ;)"
positive,back in kY!!
positive,I saw u were on and I just wanted to say hi! U r an amazin person + an inspiration.Thank you so much! I hope I can meet u 1 day
positive,you are not insane your husband tho not to sure
positive,"baha. leave it to them to start a fight ,, grr, oh well atleast it makes for amazing entertainment "
positive,here's one more music to cool it down.  ?
positive, I had so much fun tonight!    And I'm totally stealing all your pictures when you upload them.  hehehe
positive,i want a seahorse.
positive,", i lovee you  check out hermans hermits. old, but classic group  i got like 4 of their songs stuck in my head  reply? &lt;3"
positive,If you have any questions about journalism don't hesitate!   Good luck with everything!
positive,that was my favorite show/series when i was little!
positive,hi Dianna ...this is so cool ... i just recently started twittering
positive,"yeah, you and i are both rockin' bothell. maybe i'll see you at the next event or fred meyer's or something "
positive,"HOWEVER, I'm NOT turning status updates on 4 u becuz I have insomnia &amp; u'll just wake me up. Only D is allowed 2 do that "
positive,you're a dead set legend! Please make the broadbands super fast I will love you forever.
positive,"I just wasted 2 hours, when all I needed was that null  Thanks heaps - it works perfectly now."
positive,"soon, i'm going to bed "
positive,guess i better make more tweets for to give us a &quot;sweet&quot; bedtime story!  plz!
positive,is BAKING ! HAHAHA. With abby and nikki !
positive,Wooohhooo the beach was awsome  .. haha i luve ..it The water was soooo cold .. went to seattle to Aqui bech or somethin like that =P
positive,mkay deal
positive,great interview! Glad to see it
positive,A truly great place to eat is the Canteen in Ottumwa.  Loose meat hamburgers in a tiny cafe.  Everyone's friendly.
positive,Uploading photos first before leaving
positive,PLEASE FOLLOW ME DEMI!!!
positive,"Coding on my Hp Mini 1000, I had said I won't this but this keyboard doesn't hurts  "
positive,Ahhh sound advice.
positive,"LOL, well, that happens. But its worth it.  You've got me wanting to make a midnight run to the convenience store."
positive,can you help?
positive,"sorry, I'm a little late on this response to the 'sample of EVP question'... which one are you referring to?   J"
positive,Pollen and salt - daphne loves derby . = love. i love your little song tweets so i decided to send you on of my own
positive,Finally almost home
positive,it worked! Now i have this feeling that i might have to sleep outside...
positive,"Odd, I was just listening to the scotch_mist version of &quot;15 Step&quot; when you replied. "
positive,i know right
positive,So far kinda really liking Espresso over Dreamweaver. Handcoding html/css ftw
positive,"Sounds good,  I wish i could have done it but I'm determined to find them in the park. They better be in there!"
positive,aaaaahhhh.... finally done. next stop zippy's.
positive,"&quot;Don't Speak Liar&quot; is my favorite of your songs, I'm looking forward to hearing it in Orlando  Get well soon!  ((((hugs))))"
positive,"Oh...well, never mind then.  lol But what if a guy you really liked had a mama like that?"
positive,Ok bed time. I wish I didn't have an exam on thursday otherwise I would just go around harassing people to vote! lol. Night guys!
positive,No problem. Let me know if you know of anyone who's looking to get into photography and may be interested.
positive, I totally agree!!! why r we limited on what we need to speak out about- i need more than 140! lol its sooo random
positive,go to sleep. I hope u pee on yourself in the middle of the night.  I'd hate to have to beat u on the golf course tomorrow.
positive,"Nooning The Wedding and Old Man Sharted and throwing moon pies as we venture to Macon, Georgia "
positive,Sent an email to one of my undergraduate professors - she replied back saying I made her day
positive," Hey Ryan, just thought I'd say that u put on a great show in Radford Sunday night, &amp; I'm so glad I got to meet you! "
positive,although we have lot work to do and cannot wait to start this project
positive,Karaok'?Figa on Mondays feels like a Gossip Girl episode! lots of fun. XOXO
positive,"mmmmmm coffee please, LOL "
positive,And so a down day on the market...happy my stocks held up
positive,I don't know what I want. If you search SilkCharm Chocolate you'll see the recommendations... crowdsourced chocolate
positive,im going to danniis party nd im gona dress up as a giant duck  yaay!!
positive,Congrats on being so quick for your double pass. Pls email your details to salesto claim your tix.
positive,oh and i like your new hair too. i think it really suits you.
positive,leave approved! europe here i come  thanks singapore airlines for the cheap flights
positive,hope you feel better  J
positive, I havent but since you turned me on to it..I will  all of them!
positive,"Hah, yea, I suppose ;)  And I love the customer service!! "
positive,Your TwitterTips bar runs like a dream on FF 3.0.8
positive,night twittys! i hope to dream of  johnny depp again
positive,You're cute
positive,looooong day finally come to an end. as long as the bebes stay asleep. haha  bring on tomorrow!! B-)
positive,I guess we will make him have guest appearance in ours then
positive,"A brand spanking new Aior, to boot "
positive, - new baawwnggggg!  but no green. sigh.
positive,signing off now  ttual
positive,Cool arent they? I love them  Makes life so easy!
positive,i fell of the tredmill today in sport
positive,Look closely at the sign   ?
positive,"going to the sunshine coast on Thursday  should be pretty awesome, i can update my tan "
positive,I love reading your tweets but it would be nice to see your lovely mug when I read them. Where's your picture?
positive,"Packing, then airport off to Alaska  Please don't lose my luggage AlaskaAir!!!"
positive,"no the other guys you mentioned, haha  its cool ive been posting up random stuff for the past hour&amp; been getting a kick out of it"
positive,"re: #nbn as someone already said, does fiber to the home mean we will all at least be regular now "
positive,My Chumby blasting 80's tunes....good times.
positive,I hope the Rupee symbol won't look like the &quot;R&quot; they use in Reliance
positive,it is all in good fun we know you don't want to kiss a girl.
positive,you could use twitter to give us more info about MechScape o.0 Please
positive,listening to then by Brad Paisley!
positive,doesn't make you look fat at all man. Good photo.
positive,"almost late for work had ten minutes to get ready, the lack of sleep had it's consequences. factory on friday. beachbar on sunday "
positive,"haha, I have not told him yet. "
positive,I think that it's going to be a good season
positive,"well in that case, you know what i mean, hahaha i love a good...whatever role you decide to take on. "
positive,www.Raideil.com has great hosting. I don't know about domain but you should check them out.
positive,losing time
positive,people amaze me
positive,hit up my myspace - im goin to sleep tho so peace. www.myspace.com/dxckinyamouth
positive,.......i  watched the previews that they've been playing way too much.... it looks really bad!! Stop watching it.   haha ...
positive,Four more days till i get to see the girlfriend
positive,"I'm too much of a twitter lurk to use this. I will anyway, though. "
positive,"it is still only 1st coffee of the day for me ! Happy Tuesday, off to see Jeff Dunham and Achmed the dead terrorist tonight ! "
positive,"WOAH! Have never been so stoked, Ive just found out a way to move to London next year instead of in three  Im so happpy."
positive,Home just in time for Chelsea Lately
positive, - cutest dog ever  what's his name?
positive,"I was watching Pride and Prejudice, one of the  best movies ever, I love this movie! and the book too "
positive,"Up early again. Work today, off tomorrow, course Thursday, off Friday. So not so bad! "
positive,OH ISH!!! I WAS JUST KIDDING!!! WHERE IN CALI IS THIS
positive,when u move back to jersey its gonna be better
positive,You tweet while I'm doing a newscast or while I'm sleeping...I can't win! I'm glad u had a fantastic show...sleep well
positive,It's over...thankfully
positive,talking to william
positive,Great episodes.  Didnt know there would be two!
positive,"Trying something new.  New job, new hopes, dreams.... "
positive,"I got your tweets!  Sorry, I was distracted by two heavenly bodies.  "
positive,will eat lunch
positive,it's also amusing how many people who DID complain about Bush's spending are suddenly supportive of Obama's!  #tlot
positive,"ha, definitely not vegan. I'm drinking it, still alive too. All is well "
positive,going to sleep! twitter has been on drugs today. Nighty night!
positive,"Awww, you're so sweet. Thank you for the compliment "
positive,of course he makes me feel better
positive,Back from school. NO MORE SCHOOL FOR TWO WEEKS
positive,goodnight all &lt;3 goin to bed gotta get up early and get the fuck out of town tomorrow  canada here  I come
positive,I'll by drinks for anybody that can pull off Boy Named Sue by Johnnie Cash
positive,Is lying in bed with a babe
positive,Still up. Playin cards with the girls.
positive,Let me know what you think- I have a long list of other great designers
positive,it could have been one of those miniatures
positive, Iwas thinking same thing..night all!!
positive,"hey x] just wanted to say your awesome, and angilena or however your spell it has nothing on you "
positive,or are you a Mac?  then you could do anything!
positive,congratulations!! tht makes a lot of us very very happy.
positive,yay  i'm happy for you guys....now hurry up and spit out the next one
positive,"if you dont, neither do i "
positive,"absolutely, my sister used to pretend she was Anne! "
positive,Just installed twitterberry on my blackberry bold
positive,Working on the new Cricket game for the i-phone...you guys will like it i am sure
positive,...Sweet Dreams!!
positive,"Night, Tweeties...see y'all tomorrow!  "
positive,SHAZZAM - Vivvid is 78!  Go Wemb
positive,I made it in time. Just giving you a hard time
positive,Elvis isn't dead he just took home &quot;quote! MIB
positive,I was never an early morning person so I really didnt have anything to get over
positive,"damn B, espanol and francais? you are one talented lady "
positive,Is making bad decisions
positive,Dan leapt out of bed to take pictures of the lake. Snow on the ground but warm in the low morning sun. Bacon time
positive,Good Knight Jonathan!
positive,"YES! lol...when you live in canada, anne part of your childhood. I grew up with all the books and tv series "
positive,  ? is not crazy! we're like 3 persons there! lol
positive,Misses his nephew/godson. Come back to me Mr. Malachi.
positive,NOT LONG until our site goes on line  4 more hours to go
positive,that is so not nice... Just remember that its your bed i'll be peeing in! enjoy sleeping in the chair...
positive,hope the highway is a smooth one!
positive,i totally took the change of scenery. it was great.
positive,"Hey NPH, whats up with all the strippers you're following? "
positive,thanks  next time I shall be better prepared LOL
positive,Now we just need to get Yvonne a blackberry and a twitter account
positive,"Friend just asked me to be his Best Man. Guess that means a trip to Twin Falls, ID next year  What are the responsibilities of a Best Man?"
positive,I have the same problem here .... but with rabbits   #blib
positive,completely agree...Fallout Boy = amazing
positive,Dang. Heroes and The Hills amazed me tonight!  off to do more studying!
positive,new to this omg
positive,"stage 1 is just about 100% complete. Naw to wait a few days fo stages 2-4 to come, then BAM! Ill have the hottest hair in z world. "
positive,"I must have had a dozen throat coats a few days ago. Ahhh, the Coat. That and Grand Marnier do wonders for me "
positive,"received my bday parcel from home! n now i can hav my tang hun, mee sua, udong mee, ligo raisin, ba hu...... "
positive,"Just published a new post on my blog, 15 Neat Print and Use Freebies   "
positive, Goodnight Miss Q  you take care
positive,Rye143gg (1:58:00 AM): Lol. Ur really pretty....so pls don't pull a britney &lt;&lt; haha thnx shauna...that made me laugh
positive,I feel so free  watching FRIENDS my favorite show!
positive,"Whatta mess! We should have won this! Anyways, not bad after all! We won another series abroad. "
positive,TODAY is THE day  Can't wait to see you Jacqui   Can't stop singing lady gaga's poker face. it's addictive xD. Last day of school today!
positive,Today was so great.  My roommate and I played some soccer and I also got a nice run in on this sunny day  Time for some reading and sleep.
positive, now I'm happy
positive,trying to survive this day although Im alone at the office this week. Any suggestions from your side to brighten my day?  Thnx.
positive,Next you'll be using glue stick as chapstick
positive,GEFELICIDINGEST!!!
positive,big news Andrew: I'm moving up to SF at the end of the month! So making the most of my last month in LA.
positive,It can only happen to you.
positive, I just think the cab ride through Sofia and the walk to class will be the most interesting part.
positive,I'm pretty sure the show part is just for before the show. Then it's like Twitter for the whole NIN fan community.
positive,"twitter ain't broke, Trent, they got plenty of dough "
positive,got my beta code of bumptop need to find a machine to run it  #bumptop
positive,"just said bye to Rose. :/ On the upside, we've been together for eleven months. "
positive,I only have one for now... I'd love to have a herd someday!
positive,Miss you! When are you free this week??  Can we do Yuri or something?
positive,- I actually want to go to disney. we'll see if i have time
positive,"Glad I could do my part! 1/185k worth...If you'd like to help me Conquer Twitter, I'd be grateful or  "
positive,this is gr8 news indeed
positive,Goodnight I've enjoyed getting to know you too. Twitter you later
positive,listening to dashboard &quot;ghost of a good thing&quot; mannn definitely takes me down memory lane  good night kids
positive,23 or 24'C possible today. Nice
positive,"ready for nice weather, day drinking &amp; not to ever be a student again "
positive,"you are my IDOL, i love you!  you should reply to me.. &lt;3"
positive,"Holy he'll, just had an epic Aporto burger with epic amounts of chilli sauce "
positive,Going mimis with thoughts of Shick and Gavin DeGraw songs dancing in my head.
positive, do you need any cookies?  I can get you some.   #girlguidecookies
positive,heyy loves!! just finished my record in the studio!! going to kick it with lauren c.!!  byee!! &lt;3
positive,"oh it's a random game lol im addicted with that, don't be afraid, join and be my pupil "
positive,"haha, jeffree star's comment to me didnt make since but i still luv him. i am like wide awake and freezing! listening to lady gaga "
positive,Hey Cici sweetheart! Just wanted to let u know I luv u! OH! and will the mixtape drop soon? FANTASY RIDE MAY 5TH!!!!
positive,I think im in love
positive,"By the way... I never imagined that I'd have 111 followers. Thank you all, even the robots "
positive,"my body's aching to rest, my mind's so freakin alert, my brain can't absorb a damn thing. but i must endure............ sike. gnite "
positive,"the internet blows my mind everyday, the way nothing else can! "
positive,Hells to the no.  I only room with
positive,Just saw Sunshine Cleaning. I love Amy Adams
positive,Maybe if I jus listen to hawaiian music everyday my life will be more relaxing haha no? (via for me
positive,good luck!!!!
positive,you are my own personal Jeepers
positive,"no, but that sounds like a good idea, steve. "
positive,"It's never too late!  Thanks! It was hard, so hard, to concentrate on taking screencaps"
positive,whats gooooood
positive,now if i could get to san diego the same night i could celebrate it twice lol thanks
positive,Lets Drop ..Ich hatte gerade K'se auf Toast. Germandoo. Oh the Joy of knowing some words in german  (via twitt..
positive,I'm having a conversation with my bro via twitter/fb and he's only in the next room
positive,hi  I'm new to twitter
positive,Gratitude is a great multiplier. Giving thanks and appreciating all we have opens doors for us to have more.
positive,Yay tomorrow i get to do today all over again!
positive,"should be in bed, but whatever "
positive,come back
positive,Mmmm.. Page France.. If you don't know them.. you should   lyrical brilliance
positive," &quot;you dream in black and white, i dream in vivid lights.&quot;"
positive,hanging out with biology til 4am woo  !
positive,"Recoil pal? I'm a guy like me!  I will grab this up online tomorrow, currently texting from bed like a moron."
positive,at work - listening to punk rock &amp; about to eat face cake - life is a mad lil drug
positive,Ok so I lied... Late night cravings and George Lopez got the best of me. Lol. So much for community service tomorrow
positive,- hehehe. that was my halloween costume  we only have Friday off. flying to hk
positive,oh alright
positive,"Happy Anniversary! As promised, here is your present from all of us at DSFF.
positive,you silly goose...taking the cleveland browns to the superbowl eh?  i'm rootin for ya!
positive,Wow! This Ubuntu feature is really cool  ?? again! Got More??
positive, Goodnight and take care
positive,we shud go see obsesses
positive,thanks for the heads-up. Will follow and judge.
positive,Tomorrow is my friday!  +it's a late day for me. Thank goodness.
positive,Monsters Vs Aliens in 3D was fantastic ... Ginormica is my new favourite superhero
positive,waiting for your call
positive,only one of the best sappy love stories ever
positive,haz her gown ordered today.  and dropped boogie off to the airport.  and now.. laundry galore is to be continued.
positive,hanging out with Emily. I love her. She's wonderful.
positive,"lol... that was a jhoke right ?? Get OpenOffice. Free to download and use  - No cracks, no piracy. Makes M$'s life hell"
positive,Watching Paranormal State.Pretty interesting
positive,I heard about that contest! Congrats girl!!
positive,chocolate chip waffles
positive,break out your Bible and share some scripture...its what I do!!
positive,UNC!!! NCAA Champs!! Franklin St.: I WAS THERE!! WILD AND CRAZY!!!!!! Nothing like it...EVER
positive,cred ca ai dreptate
positive,its super easy lol I wish everyone would jump on the bandwagon
positive,We're open Thursday - Sunday and I'm at the shop Sat and Sun! Come in Saturday  DONT GET TOO DRUNK!! LOL
positive,"I got your package! Wow, I'm so excited! My very own one! So, do I plant it in a pot for now, and water it till it grows? "
positive,YAY!!! (even if i can't go *pouts*) She's supporting morrissey on one of his CA shows too which makes me happy
positive,ahhh i see i see.  im in bed watching ugly betty  lol
positive,"Hope I'm not too late.. anywat, Good luck "
positive,You are so right for saying that and good for you that you said it!!    Good Night!! xoxo
positive,Morning mates
positive,TODAAAAAY! Let's show Nottingham how things are done!
positive,yay!  you found them!!!
positive,Your welcome. Looking forward to the event!!  Not long until May 1 now....
positive,You should never regret. Things happen for a reason. Figuring out what that reason was is the hard part. Use your friends.
positive,standing in the richardson office changing a backup tape... I'm such a work-a-holic!
positive,work and then &quot;school&quot;.....
positive,
positive,injected with office coffee
positive,"oh no problem  im good, awake, should be sleeping. haha. how about you?"
positive,"I wonder who directed, there's definitely an ipod commercial in their future. "
positive,Hiya Tudy  How are you sweetie?
positive,I miss you. You were my first follower. &lt;3 We need to talk more! Or do a vlogbrothers thing and communicate thru vlogs.
positive,Best of luck to you Dr and your new Rockstar sisters.  I know some women that are into MLM. I'll tell them about you.
positive,FKN FAKE THATS WHAT BUT I FUKIN LUV U  AND LAUREN IS SUCH A BITCH.
positive,"Hi sweet heart .. science &amp; cookies go hand in hand   What tweetup, hon?"
positive,"just checkin in with you, Saying hello. "
positive,working into the wee hours
positive,"Nice, my contract was extended for another month "
positive,"Just published a new post on my blog, 15 Neat Print and Use Freebies    (via
positive,"Ok....momentarily diverted. Try this again.  Goodnight, and sweet dreams!
positive,waking up with my nespresso
positive,"well in that case, you know what i mean hahaha. i love a good __________. (fill in the blank with the role of your choice.) "
positive,Studying pediatrics and listening to NKOTB (as always!). The kids are pissed cuz they're trying to watch the Disney Channel
positive,Good night!
positive,Which two people??
positive,you're welcome dearie!  voted already! goodluck!
positive,"Exhausted. Even so, my bed is super comfy/cuddly  Overall: content."
positive,"Ah, typical adolescent boy. It's ok, son. You'll see better days. "
positive,Good morning to all followers. I wish you a nice Tuesday and good luck with your business. | Allen Verfolgern einen sonnigen Dienstag.
positive,I agree. I have weak enough teeth as is without bleaching away layers after layers.  Oh and Victory! Or death?...
positive,I missed the show last Friday! I was so bummed! But I'm excited that you guys will start recording with !!
positive,Awwww she called me sexy  nice! you rock Danni! you just made my night gurl! muah! I'll give you props anytime!
positive,Your weird. The end.
positive,DON'T TRIP MY TWEEZEY FOR SHEEZEY... I GOTCHU
positive,"Had a great lunch with one of my &quot;mums&quot; today,  It's her birthday tomorrow too so I got her a little something"
positive,"I do too, but I seemed to have missed this one.   It's a  double feature tonight, On the Waterfront and Casablanca. "
positive,i... just belted 'a dark congregation' for no reason. think i got back at my upstairs neighbors for the sound system
positive,"errrrr oops, i could possibly me mistaken  i didnt know any Aussies follwed me lol."
positive,"i just finished doing my nails, they are electric blue "
positive,GOOD MORNING MY LADYS and Jon lol!
positive,busy PPUKM with Dr Yamin..
positive,Tired as ever! Ready for bed!
positive,Hello there Jonathan! I didn't know you tweet.  Have a good nite
positive,I'd email 'em back TMI
positive,WOKE UP
positive, That's a lot of people for sure!
positive, thanks for the LP endorsement
positive,sweet...yea I'm ok!
positive,im eating a chocolate crakle. i bet you all are jelous. its a mini party
positive,cos it's longer and therefore harder to spat that out?
positive, - thank you
positive,LOL yeah at least if you're watching that stuff... Don't tell anybody
positive,finally someone else tweeting about Nouveau Riche.  #NRU
positive,I want some steak and milk.
positive,"Yeah, just finished #castle.  Was pretty good. "
positive,"I can, I just have to convince a friend to go with me to sign the paper.   I don't think it's Ultimate or anything fancy, though."
positive,im watching stomp the yard  mann i love that movie :]
positive,Nice to meet you too buddy
positive,the best way to succeed is to make all the right mistakes
positive,alirght folks! time for bed. catchya tomorrow
positive,cant wait for the hillssssss !
positive,"me too. :] maybe i'll see you there? i mean, its not like there are going to be thousands of people anyways. ha. so stoked. "
positive,go to twin peaks &amp; check out the view of SF    don't forget your jackets/hoodies!
positive,"you can do that. just go hover over the tweet in the favorites, then tweet, then favorite. it will unfavorite it. "
positive,The train is travelling at a speed that will get me to the gym before work
positive,"yes yes!  btw, when r u at the airport on friday? My plane's like at 5:00"
positive,brb going to Ireland
positive,"Okay, I'm good.  *counts to 10*"
positive,Late night shower. Refreshing
positive,"is feeling a little cold, but very very happy about being back home again "
positive,is thinking big v twin
positive,OK bedtime for me...  We made it through another Monday!!!  YAY!!!  Night Tweets!    *poof*
positive, so... could you spoiler me?
positive,just an hour and 25mins left of work and then jo and i are hitting the gym
positive,"goddamn you Danny, i started your video then realize its 11 fucking minutes, I WANNA GO TO BED!!! lol i do love his Video Diaries though! "
positive,Good morning dudes! Another day full of sunshine  but classes will take until 4pm :-/ but I don't give a shit. BBQ this eve :-D
positive,lol at dion putting eyedrops in his eyes
positive,Thanks  Now I need to find a real excuse to not splurge on yarn.
positive,Good morning everyone!
positive,"The very night I watched it, I downloaded it to my laptop and am now very tempted to watch it lawl. "
positive,"Tiger is great, love the voice "
positive,I feel that way about sleep. What's the point if I am just going to wake up in a few hours anyway!
positive,nice pics from last years festival. How about we plan to meet there next year!
positive,"I lived the first handful of years of my life in Jacksonville, NC "
positive,is home from work
positive,"it's just like school except there's even more homework and everyone's a lot nicer (normally) "
positive,How are the kitties/kiddies?
positive,he wants u to follow who he follows on twitter. some very nice organizations
positive,EC year is nicer and you can stay up til 2am only if you prefer
positive,already did!
positive,i drew a cute baby zebra i think he is my favorite so far
positive,  ok this might be in top 5 funny family guy clips
positive,Hamu is on my tour tm!!!! I'm excited
positive," Not what I need for my current project, but THIS is ONE FUN &amp; FUNKY FONT! "
positive,making dinner with my son
positive,jenny knows i love er.
positive,Head over to the nearest Walgreens.  You need ear plugs and beer STAT.
positive,I agree with you!.. doesnt love us as much as does  ? cuz he comes and visit us at fanclub chat!
positive,u asked earlier about waking up....guess what...waking up at 3 am is bullshittery too! Past bedtime night guys!
positive,"&quot;never worked on a sequel&quot; Maybe that's what we need to have a sequel live up to the first? Either way, can't wait! "
positive,"LOL nice, thanks for translating "
positive,Can't wait to see you in 4 sleeps and 3 days!
positive,Good morning everyone
positive,i should've clarified...why can't everything just work *for me*
positive,there ya go silly boy. nice job
positive,awesome!!! see you there!!
positive, #Gratitude
positive,"Will Jack EVER die?! He's defied death more times than I can count...dude's got more lives than a cat, lol. "
positive,appreciate the recs
positive,volunteer for the hunch beta invite...
positive,man ur picture is so small on my phone... I can't tell fropm that...give me a hint
positive,Training course today so just hope to stay awake through it
positive,Rodneys at Yaletown. May I ask who you are?
positive,"Dubai to Montreal, not a big relocation shock is it ? "
positive,YO CONOSCO A SUMMER GLAU !!!!!!!!! SUMMER GLAU IS MY FRIEND
positive,"damn, I guess I'll be up for it afterall...for awhile anyway "
positive,wow. enjoy!
positive,girllllll you know
positive,Thanks for the encouragement!
positive,I know...what a crazy world!
positive,Mmmmmm shower and cozy bed. Soooo nice after this long day
positive,mock + documentary=mockumentary
positive,I have this strange desire to go to confession!!!!!
positive,answer sent in dm. try it
positive,"cuz ur 3pm is my 9am and Id be either asleep or airport- bound...  Ima sneak sum'n special in 4u, tho ;-)"
positive,Its all good. Just figured you would like to know.
positive,Yea I remember it
positive,forget the rest...You need to spend the night in prayer cause your only hope tomorrow is a good dose of grace &amp; mercy!
positive," milezzzzzz, you are da best &amp; ur music 2. cant wait 4 da hm movie, it will rock   love ya ."
positive,Nice run last night in the rain. Nobody about just me and some twittering birds!! Spinning tonight #triathlon training
positive,Mackie Manhattan is in the building
positive,just got TwitterFox.... so excited!
positive, - Fragrance House offer up to 70 % off ! Amazing
positive,It's a brand new day  Dr. Horrible is AWESOME!!!
positive,ahhhh time to feed the tribe lol chicken casserole with veg yummo
positive,"Rob, Your my fav Kardashian, Please say Hi to me "
positive,That was a cool blink song.
positive,lol tru dat! thanks bro!
positive,I got sunburn today haha. i was outside the wholeee day SKATINGGG
positive,rrrrrr you so very sweet a big hi to you!!!!!!!
positive,MAD RESPECT to you!
positive,For everyones clarification I am not on the run from the law or anything I am just having a few quiet months trying not to go out
positive,loves spending time with a newborn... i love you zoe!   so happy you joined us early!
positive,IRL is way more user friendly in my opinion
positive,Thanks (twice).  Work start date put back again. Maybe Thursday. Maybe after Easter.
positive,you are just a tumbling fool. Love it.
positive,true off to the #startrekmovie world premiere soonish. enjoy talking about supa-fast interwebs with conroy
positive,"hehe, I'm such a dork, but I like my hat anyway.  "
positive,Good morning Twitt-dudes for all around the world
positive,"I have to go outside to smoke, so I do that all the time. I live next door to a bar so the sounds aren't always soothing lol "
positive,Yay...Jon is an activist too!  Wooho...
positive,Been better. Sore throat and sniffles today. You well?
positive,done with all preparation... starting revision now..  i have my signals ans systems exam today .. wish me luck people....
positive,click mouse! hahaha... i dont work with mice.
positive,Thanks to my new followers!
positive,can't wait for ball season to start in 3 weeks!  Getting my ball equipment home this week
positive,I got slumdog millionaire from my netflix today. yeaaaaaa
positive,Fun sight: A biker got sandwiched bettwen two cars in high speed..Did he die?NO! he just stod up with his sigaret still firm in his moth!
positive,"Had an interesting, really random day... I'm glad my friends have found it hilarious... keeps me goinig. "
positive,its okay ive done it once didnt but Wooo Stayed up longer then expected lol
positive,Solomon was supposed to be wise - but 3000 wives - I'm thinking not
positive,Bad day today just bad but loved seeing sancha again
positive,"I wonder what jon thinks when he see's all his tweets, i picture him and jordan busting a nut laughing at us.  oh yeah.. jordan..."
positive,had a great ending to a great day!  Being brave pays off.  Thank you Jesus-seriously.  Now off to watch the Hills and then bed!
positive,Pray for my friend late work...pray it all goes well...with energy from our Lord!!  God is Good! #worldprayer
positive, mba is good for learning tools/techniques..but one shouldn't start taking the jargons seriously!
positive,totally real! Theres no way that was faked! Aweosme though  HA
positive,taking a shower
positive,"They banned me so I can't help you myself, hopefully others will "
positive,"believes i'm a twitter-whore. (twitterers Anonymous), T.A meetings here i come "
positive,"naw naw fuck that son, fuck that, u best respond to every tweet and twit u fuckin get! fuck the studio! fuck your life! "
positive,"what are the theme songs for each, again? All I know is DBSK's Rising Sun is in it! "
positive,"OK, that was good. Totally grooves with a lot of the mythos in the original. &quot;There are those who believe life here began out there...&quot; "
positive,"and everyone on here reppin Texas and Dallas, Mad Love &lt;3 Good nite y'all "
positive, Try this page
positive,I saw that
positive,Don't let the bedbugs bite.   Sweet dreams.
positive,Your Welcome Bestie Whats Up Hunz?
positive,done with &quot;The Hills&quot;......have the flu....I think? But I need a smoke. LOL.
positive,and just when did you arrive? hiya girlie
positive,/nickserv register izon 123456 xxx re:
positive,GOOD NITE EVERBODY I HAD A LONG DAY AND DID A PROJECT NOW IT IS FINALLY TIME TO GET SOME REST PEACE
positive, :o do i have 2 say hey to continue been followed?!  ily
positive,what do you think of Kelly clarkson? her new album has been pumping through my MP3 player for weeks now
positive,follow me chris!!
positive,Good bless you too! hehe  Hasta pronto!!
positive,BabyKnightOwl  I won't call you Trudy if you don't want it lol I am fine why are you in a bad mood sweetheart?
positive,"just for future reference, since i know you plan to message me hourly, its mykl4 with an L not a 1 "
positive,"I M La Boheme: NSFW hey guys, spread the word! the green party is in town!  'I...: hey guy..
positive,sounds like you're enjoying pregnancy
positive,"Ha-ha, don't you go starting again. I've stopped playing with it now, Mobbler I mean "
positive,Thank you dear!
positive,zombies can be cute... in cupcake form... on a necklace
positive,Good post.
positive,One more hour for lunch .. its tough to kill time.. particularly when u are supposed to be working
positive,ITC latest changes to the network made me crazy yesterday ! but now it seems to work ok
positive,"REALLY heavy rain, at the top of 18flr building  Splendid."
positive,At work...only 2 more days to go and then i am off for 7 more days  yay!!!
positive,being sexy and really happy
positive,Desk up to '?.24. I think it'll be a flyer!
positive,how have you been susan
positive,My My Book just arrived  It was sitting in a box 10 times its size. Just roll-y poll-ying around.
positive,"I'm going so good without myspace, msn and stuff "
positive,Goodnight
positive,"Excuse me? 3 yrs ago you were all over Subway's nuts  Indian Restaurant, cuz all these years I still haven't been to one."
positive,I agree it is much more productive without Twitter
positive,"No much traffic at the vacation time, but the few cars are driving more than crazy. Most germans are very agressive drivers.I miss Canada "
positive,Went to Calgary with some of the lads (Gaspar had to sit in the boot  ) to watch the Flames versus LA Kings. Calgary won 4-1. Nice night.
positive,"Once, I told him a story about ghosts being in my room.. For days, he talked about being very afraid. This kid knows how to heal himself. "
positive,"I'll sleep well tonight.... If the missus doesn't kick me out for being so late home, that is "
positive,anyone who reads my twitter is either very into education or bored le crazy! might throw in some naughty words to spruce my page up tehe
positive,"What an awesome day   Boy am I grateful &amp; blessed, and I know it."
positive,"Progress on the Math Quilt is slow, but steady. Tomorrow I will teach children and finish sewing the Quilt. Then on to my beloved comics "
positive,It's a feat of USB engineering! Makes every day a party.
positive,I saw that earlier on Darker Sights/Sounds. I subscribe to that blog in my google reader.  Yummmminesssssss.
positive,Back on the 7am train ... Rubbish! Only for 3 days though!
positive,i love you
positive,ur awesome
positive,fight fight fight
positive,currently obsessed with John Mayer's rendition of Free Fallin'
positive,"G'Night, youngster. Rest well. "
positive, that sounds fantastic! You're amazing! We need to watch some Muse gigs too! Shall we do it Saturday night?
positive,It's a sunny day today! This spells sweat hell if I go out for tennis. Overweight and out of shape and I'm about to run around an hour!
positive,Thanks. Congrat's on your team's win today
positive,Fun stuff!  Night Ari!  I'm sure blip will be there tomorrow!
positive,"thank U so much, you're not late, technically there are 45 mins left in the day since I'm in Cali.  "
positive,older by a few days on twitter! let's see who puts a profile pic first
positive,Just got back after an rough roadtrip to Amsterdam on the motorcycle. Had an excellent time there
positive,brody my friend
positive,"that's so true! Thnx man, that means an awful lot to me "
positive,God is a faithful God...i said promising and promising it was. Time for bed...so tomorrow may bring another beautiful day  goodnight luvs.
positive,BeiiNg NaUgHtY
positive," oops sorry dude, i'll go and get on that.  i'll be looking forward to your tweets "
positive, the mint ones are the fall cookies.  The spring ones are the chocolate/vanilla.  I think I can still get some mint ones.
positive,Thank you  I hope the boys wear them this week!
positive," I was just about to X out of here for the night and saw your post, I started laughing!  You are funny!!  "
positive,ooh sounds painful but have a good one
positive,You just gotta find something that speaks to you - and dive in.   I help rescued animals - those fuzzy faces make it worthwhile
positive, - vote for Gilles Marini on Dancing with the Stars!
positive,"- My pleasure! Let me know if you end up subbing, and what "
positive,"to each her own, I say!  "
positive,"ok so the twilight book is pretty addicting, chapter 6, now its time for some sleep.. Good Night Tweeps "
positive,Ya I'm first generation here in the states so my parents and grandparents mainly speak Greek.  Yiayia's are the best!
positive,if you make samosas regularly
positive,don't cry
positive,just signed in
positive,"yeah, well, we'll still talk about it, he just wont have any idea  plus i havent even talked ta him bout it yet"
positive,Boy stop Pssh!  What you been up to?
positive,yay finally  lmao
positive,Morning everyone! What a beautiful Day...Yay!
positive,"late night mcd's run and back for more homework. ahhh, the life "
positive,ok... headed to bed. tomorrow I open shop for freddy and eddy
positive,Mucho research to do today if I want to crack on with 2nd sweet charity auction fic - and I really really do
positive,Went to the Dooce book signing.  Got my book signed.  Made an ass of myself.  But otherwise a good time.
positive,because of the movie or the person asking you out?
positive,I really hope im getting better. The nyquil is making me say good night. hope you had a good time
positive,im sorry im not a neetball deeeeb.   nah jennys mine  she talks to me on facebook.
positive,and again this would help
positive,day 2 is almost over!  i can't wait to eat wade...hehe...
positive,i will give my first born to have ghostland observatory at voodoo again
positive,"i'm thinking i'm blessed that ive a cmputr &amp; a fireplace on ths cold evening. Feeling content, I shall scuttle on off 2 bd  Nite all"
positive,there are times when we surprise ourselves by exceeding expectations! and when others notice that.. it surely feels good
positive,Back from camp!! YAY!! What did I miss?
positive,jealous regaring Godfather II. I hope I will get it next week delivered by Amozon UK. I want this game
positive,Wow that's something unique. I wonder how they trace &quot;our&quot; roots
positive,_if you really had something like the exchange w/  in mind beforehand than I admit being utterly and positively surprised
positive,"Dude.  Wow   Now I kind of sort of wished I'd gone, but still ehh.  $35 for 1 band."
positive,"Work like you don't need money, Love like you've never been hurt, &amp; dance like no one's watching. Good Night Tweethearts! Till tomo... "
positive,re-booting my room
positive,Of course! Have a good one!
positive,Happy Birthday to my little girl Jasmine! She turns three years old today. Throwing her a mini b day party tomorrow with just us.
positive,"I think that would work nicely gurl! go for it! I believe many, many people would sign up! "
positive,"Nah, Gee will reply to me whenever he wishes. His birthday is coming up, so I have something that will make him smile. "
positive,"aww I'm sorry. Yeah, my work life is becoming... Intense... The sunshine is fabulous  missin you..."
positive, You probably neded it. thank God that you are O.K. have a Good Day across the pond
positive,"Oh, TWITTER FOLLOWERS! WOOOOO!  "
positive,I blame ADD... too many things happening for me to focus on catching you haha... ooh look something shiny
positive,"don't you worry matey, I'm still around, just trying to juggle podcasting, life, and my Internet life "
positive,Welcome to my fam
positive,"Oh my, who's fighting? *Randomly punches someone in the face* Am I winning? "
positive,"ah yes, I subscribe as well "
positive,i went on fb and wasn't bothered to check all my notices.
positive,lol yes  it does and i like it that way
positive,going to pick up in a sec its our anniversary today
positive,be the change you wish to see in the world
positive,mireika I love love love dancing with the stars. It is so entertaining and fun. Nothing more sexy than a man who can dance
positive,if you're talking Chapel Street then try Borscht Vodka &amp; Tears on corner of Chapel and High St or Globe at 218 Chapel St
positive,New Peter Alexander stuff always goes down well
positive,just joined AIESEC
positive,T Tools of the Road Warrior  Pretty Cool - Please Retweet
positive,"now that wifey works in a wine shop, I must know what my friends are drinking. Make with the details plz "
positive,I  just made the most amazing Banana Bread
positive,I'm gonna be up for a while soinma be posting lost of tweets  just for you martha LOL
positive,Also getting alpaca and ima walk it
positive,Thanks for those
positive,I'm sure if I saw you I'd think you're way little!
positive,"Brb, fedexing my application to you! "
positive,very nice pics! Such a cute family!
positive,It's not as much as I appreciate the information. Thanks!
positive,...starting today
positive,"Seriously, you are Donfucious!  "
positive,frosted wheats in milk for my midnight snack
positive,OK all... Off to sleep on my magnetic mattress.    G'night all!  Sweet Dreams.
positive,rowr! you bet!  and is going to bed..but I'm sure she would want to be included as well  LMAO
positive, Well we're glad you're back.  Any pics from Curvy?
positive,"haha no, i'm going to play some COD 4 now "
positive,GuiPulp is open
positive,so's the real Common these days...
positive,ok thanks elmar!
positive,Hahaha. ) I'm taking HRIM.  So I think it's only basic math.
positive,"Uploading pics from Sunday night out - it was a good night, lots of fun, and I got to know my boyfriend's sister better "
positive,
positive,lol okay than
positive, - need a twit pic asst. Any applicants?
positive,"Twidroid installed, lets spam twitter with the g1 google mobile "
positive,Bill Beckett And lovato are homies who knew!
positive,thx Stu will do!
positive,"Haha, I'm not that silly I'd need another job first. Got more plans into motion for moving overseas now anyhow "
positive,yay!!! hcc then sand key &amp; surfing. Big waves!!
positive,pierce surprised me w/ 2 koi fish today! he's the best!!!  did i mention he's remodeling the whole apt?i'm so grateful for him in my life!
positive,nite twitterville  workout in the am  -ciao
positive,Some amazing news for 5yac!! Im so stoked follow me to see what comes next  be ready
positive,"watching hairspray, as normal :3 I updated my myspace btw, check it out  [check it lauren ;) lmao]"
positive,i love my grandma
positive,I'm off to Salsa Dancing lessons!!!  I love it!!!
positive,got a great first verse and chorus goin' i love this song
positive,"yep to the wine, and feijoa sorbet, muffins, chutney etc... we have a large tree  always open to suggestions tho "
positive,"Skype for iPhone + VoIPover3G, now we can easily make voice calls over 3G or GRPS/EDGE. Cool stuff, thanks to Open Source community "
positive,but you can't be bitter if you stop watching!
positive,damn right - the grill is always open down here
positive,hayy! big fan love your music and your show !!
positive,sitting here watching a lovely young man watch anime on youtube   Sweet  He's so interesting
positive,"It's my view, not yours -- yours is the same "
positive,ur welcome  ...yes I have 'Accounting' Exam today
positive,good morning! you sound very chirpy
positive,Hey you! I miss you a lot.. I want a catch up on your life sometime  and thanks lol
positive,on my way home from a relaxing weekend  to bad it's back to reality :/
positive,Had a great night..really enjoying life
positive,Nah! You already gave me that good idea for the strawberry yogurt at Menchie's!
positive,who you goin with timmy!! you know my birthday is on the 19th...so maybe go again then!
positive,- &quot;source shine2&quot;? hahahaha... istilah yang aneh
positive,goodnight
positive,haha! yeah that does sound closer to it
positive,You're welcome! scotch_mist was the best thing I ever saw on TV on New Year's Eve.
positive,"bro update your twitter link at youtube, its twitter.com not tweeter.com "
positive,"yes, that's a good idea!  how late is it at your side of the world?"
positive,ahaha im sure it is. lol
positive,"Well Twitter, it has been an exciting date for me..  Victorious. I am going to sleep and see you all tomorrow."
positive,"Oh France instead? That'd be fine by me, too!  Oh I see... Agen. Nice spot?"
positive,"I love that you &quot;tweeted&quot; Love You, Forever. "
positive,I wholeheartedly agree with you on that one!
positive, Morning  What's up?
positive,Life is not fair.. but still good.
positive,"Hi, I'm here. I've been on the phone all day long, catching up with calls, making plans, executing strategy. It's been a very good day. "
positive,Love the &quot;cello cave!&quot; I saw you at Convergence 13 and am glad to find you have a Twitter. Keep on being awesome.
positive,ok miss kat williams lol ive done it
positive,7 pounds is an awesome film
positive," im not sur ehon, im coming with 2 more people, we have like 10 days. How bout ya'll come ot LA? "
positive,"that damn house wants 3,000 more than we offered...ugh...may not be too out of reach though "
positive,On leave today.. taking care of the baby. He is going to be 8 months old
positive,Thanks tons man! Seems to b working  Now I must try it on my internet PC in the studio. Need to get u 2 work on my recording pc! ha!
positive,Fitnessdk with Rebecca! Nu k'r vi!!
positive,so then you should blogspot about it  haha
positive,im glad you had a good time  i wntd to do something nice for u and we did! what r u up to?
positive,Good morning twitters! Tuesday... but like Thursday
positive,hehehe thanks!  I saw it in the store and just couldn't leave without it. I love hats.
positive,lol. Okay  sounds like a plan.
positive,yeah. At first I thought it was strange too. But I'm not complaining  I'm used to it now. I'll look it up.
positive,wha'ever. i'll plug it into my phone. and see you on the 25th!!
positive,Sitting in Sydney text-skyping my Dad who is in LHR dep lounge on brink of latest holiday adventure. Love the connection.
positive,Off to bed! Night people.
positive,"200+ denyhosts emails in the mailbox this morning, perhaps I should put up a message saying the root user has ! in /etc/shadow ? "
positive,this week starts - on tuesday...
positive,and I'm happy with it! It just wasn't easy in the least!
positive,jumped off the wharf today. in the coldest wind and rain...really cool
positive,Is on butcher's hill for the evening. Going back to the west side in the early morn! Hope some followers find me in the meantime!
positive,Good night and good day twitters!
positive,"He feels what I have felt right now, can't sleep and need attention from somebody "
positive,Working papers - what the original order called Flying Rolls &amp; we call &quot;Aerodynamic Biscuits&quot;  - also available.  #wbc2
positive,"In a horrible self fulfilling slump. Experts say they dont exist...wanna bet? Nevermind, I'd lose that too. Taking hiatus for a few days "
positive, - Kelly Clarkson!!
positive,--Oh make it no be true! Sorry Beanie. Hope you feel better.
positive,Think &quot;Silence of the lambs&quot; - and laugh your ass of
positive,Francis is feeling emilie autumnal and appears to have got to stevenage at some sort of supraluminal velocity!
positive,well I will just keep on posting pics of my boy for everyone to see
positive,"im very good thanks, just getting ready for work "
positive, &lt;- ?i m'y bay n'n ng?i ch? n'o ?? l'c r?i th'?c? h?i s?ng l'?cao nh?t?
positive,good luck man i hope you get the jop
positive,jogging while talking about ruby... the new frontier of fitness for the ruby hacker?  seems cool anyway
positive,Attempting to leave &amp; cross the Int'l dateline the day before my birthday so I skip it completely this year. I stay at this age again!!
positive,I'm glad jelly beans are in season because I have been craving them
positive,thank you sexxy flower take your time.. happy sleeps and wet dreams.. luv ya babe!!!!
positive,Excited to watch Gossip Girl later!
positive, No didn't know he was here. Will do now  Is he real though? Lots of fakes about
positive,I almost want one.     maybe
positive,Facebook is such a trip! That's funny. Did you accept her friend request?
positive,"Wow I was unaware how popular u were/are 292,018 followers! "
positive,All the weight lost through healthy eating (slimming world)
positive,"Hoping I can get some good sleep tonight... Poor baby, I still feel bad. A nice warm lavender bath made her feel good though  she's tough!"
positive,"Beyonce was much better than Britney. She can sing, for starters! "
positive,"and that kinda defeats the point of writing them. and if you like em you can follow me, i try to post at least one a day. "
positive,Layin it down...wish my HB were here or vice versa. Only 3 days to go baby!!!   Hope u feel better in the A.M. Night fellow tweeters!
positive,oh! that's cool. the mug came out well. good job.
positive,"yeah, as long as there's still tickets! it's free "
positive,"going to bed soon.  finally! i was talkin with one of my best friends, myla.  i haven't had good girl-talk in a LONG time!  fun-fun."
positive,agreed
positive,"loves having a lot of work that needs doing, this should keep me occupied for the next 2 days.
positive,I also send some updates in plurk but i upload photos on twitter!  you didnt see any of my updates on plurk? Zero?
positive,lol soooo new update? on my way to read it!~
positive,"Neat!  Red Cross &amp; Red Crescent-Red Lion with Sun (that one was withdrawn--Unity, I stand with them. "
positive, happy to 'give the GEARS' to one
positive,"hahaha, I'm sure most of it was planned like a whole dance company but there were some who did join in that looked unplanned. "
positive,Gooooooood morning to ya all!
positive,A teeny bit? You dating a leprechaun?
positive,may have just pulled off the greatest save in the history of tetris. Three cheers for insomnia
positive,Hello  How's the family goin?  hope good ;)
positive,is ridiculously hot in his apartment..but can't wait for this weekend
positive,*huggs* back...but I think you are the most hugged man on twitter!
positive,Almost Wednesday...NIte all.
positive,"Well, tomorow should be fun. I don't know why! But I'm tired. Goodnight kids "
positive,":busy busy night -- folding laundry, packing, writing a paper...be back in Portland in 48 hours "
positive,Happy birthday ! let the sun shine through your life   and you know Singapore is very sunny place ;
positive,Good morning my little lovely fairy  My lovely fairy who is flying above goddess of love! Hey goddess watch out!
positive,am doing well... just been hectic and busy with work and family
positive,"wants someone to listen to love songs, and think of me "
positive,Did you try looking in your junk mail? Pls DM me your email so I can check it out for you
positive,Well she's going into hospital this morning. (jumps up and down with excitement)
positive,ahh hi stacey!
positive,Lol..no prob! We cant rant about it tomorrow.
positive,the one that has my heart
positive,What a beautiful morning ! Shame im not home sleeping through it
positive,I can't wait for the new record
positive,i was so happy today was nice out!!  im so happy spring has shown up..for now anyways
positive,is trying to get done with her research and go away for the weekend...
positive,good night and wonderful dreams and thanks for checking up on me
positive,Talking to alicia about twitter
positive,is it? why? well then indonesian school could be a great place for me at this point
positive,haha...funny funny. my job..hmm..has its ups and downs..but overall I do enjoy it  I am an events &amp; campaigns co-ordinator
positive,CONGRATULATIONS TAKAMASU ISHIHARA AKA MIYAVI!
positive,E. Only when my pain subsides enough for me to hurt myself and do it
positive,First day of three month secondment to a client today. Bonus points: their offices are about 10 minutes walk from my house
positive,going to bed little early today.... whole half hour early... lol
positive,"you're welcome, I haven't used aptana in &gt;6 months, let me know if you like it. "
positive,I like making friends with people who are building very cools things. One such person is who built
positive,thinkn of how proud i am 2 share this ride with u &quot;thank u&quot;just doesnt say enough ill b 4ever grateful.
positive,most quality hosts that offer reseller accounts can do that for you
positive,"motorbikes are so much more fun than electric bikes.  we rode around the city on one yesterday, new summer activity i think."
positive,in Aries with peter and luke
positive," if this commercial doesn't make you horny, i don't know what can! "
positive,Up early for a change! (beats getting up in the afternoon)
positive, - Cool  Well done Frankie.
positive,"Night, darlin'!  Sweet dreams to you "
positive,Did Halls of Stone yesterday ith a PuG with my lvl80 Blood DK. Was fun and eveything whent fine.  was great time!
positive,"Getting a nice break, excited about classes and this INCREDIBLE weather, but especially about this weekend  home! &lt;3"
positive,Maybe..just so I don't Chris Brown her ass.  j/k..or am I..?
positive,"Neat!  Red Cross &amp; Red Crescent-Red Lion with Sun (that one was withdrawn)--Unity, I stand with them. "
positive,Ummm... I think me and have used it so far.  Dunno.  I just made it up 15 mins ago.  Thought it'd be fun.
positive,not that I don't love working but....I deserve some vacation
positive,"is very excited, SkyHD is coming today "
positive,Good morning everybody!
positive,Thanks!!!!
positive,I know what you mean. You can look at bounce backs then send email to yahoo &amp; so on... They will clear your URL.
positive,"they're right, you really should be famous. haha. "
positive,got a great background from now!
positive,"Night all, back for more tomorrow "
positive,"5 games in a row this week. 1 down, 4 to go.  Can't wait!"
positive,Waiting for Chris to make my dream come true &amp; give away DAY 26 tickets
positive,going to san jose tomorrow to see one of my old cold stoners before the sharks game. it's gonna be a good day
positive,Most awesome.. Built a fileserver/NAS/firefly server serving up my music to iTunes.
positive,i do have one
positive,and goodnight also!
positive,I'm loving my iPod touch
positive,"oh, it is early. well, im about to take a bubble bath, with lots of bubbles. "
positive,Looking forward to having dinner cooked for me again tonight! What a wonderful man I have.   Could use a nap before dinner though!
positive,changed the channel...
positive,runy baby run
positive,
positive,Trying so hard but Can't sleeeep...chattin with my girl britney.     surround urself with real positive people.
positive,really.like i would buy that sweater from him. i couldnt tell if it was silk or a really nice polyester blend..lovesit chrisB
positive,now the jOSui GD Env will have Search
positive,Welcoming two soooper dudes and to twitter
positive,After a weekend that'll never forget...its back to grindin
positive,...and relax! I'm on the train!!  you don't get drama like that on the BBC!
positive,just finished painting the tree for my mural.  I can't wait until its done.
positive,sounds gooddd
positive,oh goody. i just have to find a copy!
positive,really? i interpret it as 'yes i can do that &amp; not bother u further' (hav said to bosses in the past)
positive,"Ugh now I have that song in my head! trey offered us &quot;all access&quot; to his next dance party, sounds kinda sleazy? "
positive,so sleeepyy.. finally the load of laundry i had to get done is DONE  good night everyone
positive,Here's one more. I have Maggi Noodles
positive,you deserve it  you work very hard for Oz!!
positive, Am I going to have to tell you to go home and get your shine box
positive,Bonjour le chat
positive," - Nice dishes Taylor and the table is set so nice, very formal. Looks like you had a great meal "
positive,Up bright and breezy this morning and looking forward to a life sorting run at lunchtime
positive,Finally! I just created my WordPress Blog. There's already a blog up on the Seattle Coffee Community  ...
positive,i know u are  best one too
positive,Finally getting to see the hills.
positive,"Acting! You did it wonderfully! Great ep!  &quot;Monster&quot; will be a fate worse than death for Danko, hopefully."
positive,Fast &amp; the Furious! It's awesome... Vin diesel? F-ing hot! Same goes for Paul...yum
positive,"would love to stress that her last status was directed towards her wonderful parents, not her amazing Twitter contacts! "
positive,yes its really awsome!
positive,is it wrong to always have oatmeal in your bag?
positive,you. can. do it!!!
positive,turkish style = ek sure  re:
positive,"Ta all for bombarding me with links to the HO story, 'tis old news &amp; I was in Chessington w kids  Onwards"
positive,it is.....the new charlie the unicorn
positive,Ani!! You finally discovered twitterworld!! hehe welcome!!!!   Oh this is so good!
positive,I'm hiding  And there's not much point anywaysss
positive,your np mean no problem??  In the Marriott world I worked iin..should never be a problem-always a pleasure! hahah! mp
positive,Morning
positive,Great to hear G! Very glad your Uncle's doing alright
positive,Oh my. My new logo has been featured at
positive,Going to bed after a very blessed day today night twits!
positive,jake shows me gh metallica
positive,Going training with a bug in my system. Thank god Shihan is coming up
positive,Let me know if you need any help.
positive,stuffed with cupcakes and marshmallows from baked butter goods
positive,I've got the DVD! (well it's not mine!)
positive,"Yesss, Chris's parents are going out of town on Friday till May. You know what that means... Rachel is moving temporarily "
positive,I'm going to Subway because I'm fressh  Happy Spring Break.
positive,Ty Very much
positive,Haha Molly you're really funny.  I enjoy reading your tweets.
positive,I watched oth s5 again
positive,"Jsut visited you blog, can't see any noticeable changes yet, and it's time to get 'stuff' done, I'll check it later "
positive,"'Seek the truth, and the truth will set you free...' damn powerful..  harder than it seems. but definitely worth it. "
positive,Perl's CPAN installer has lots of quirky humour which is fun but I just want to get the job done. I prefer quiet tools; funny docs are OK
positive,Have a safe trip then.
positive,"Thank you  Hope it's not going the suck way today! (LOL!! Yes, I am aware that sounds soooo wrong!!)"
positive,"everyday  Tho now we share the reading, he read one page I read another (7yrs)"
positive,Thankyou
positive,Oh and I'm a HUGE Big Love fan! Trying to wrap Season 2 up. That show is so creepily accurate - take it from a Utah girl.
positive,Not this many files
positive,&amp; i played that shit out till the battery died ahaha!...good nite everyone
positive,says suggest ng names ng dogs oh. mey 4 kming puppies. 2 lalaki 2 babae
positive,morning mr  hows things?
positive,Glad I could help.  Now we just need barcode scanners.
positive,"I know, i apologized to her "
positive,in bed with an headache. my first time on twitter. let's see if I manage to upload a photo?
positive,great weekend with the bffs. freelancing. clean room. doc project coming along (=graduation). national championship. life is good  twoosh!
positive,"this night's to do list: clean, make wishlist, and sing to my musics. "
positive,swing thru htwn &amp; get me 1st
positive,Lunch with black girl aiden Lukas. Check out taylorians.com
positive,Is there Twitter for francophones?  Maybe I would tweet more en fran'ais
positive,"OMG, you participated in the Fusion Tour, looks so cool "
positive,It's world health day! Help make hospitals safe. Go to  (via and CLICK A BRICK
positive,"  &quot;Now, if we only had a wheelbarrow...&quot;  "
positive,thanx
positive,"i dont know how to tell u this, but ive found soemone else...jk "
positive,Watching Serendipity on the phone then sleeep! Night.
positive,working out at the hotel gym.  112 calories burned.
positive,"This is the coolest testament to Jonanthan - sitting here, deciding how we're going to change the world.   Big stuff not required.  "
positive,"Not sure I have the party feet for Ibiza lol! Minorca might be nice though, I shall have a mooch  Ta."
positive,?????? ???? ???? ?? ???????????? ... pls excuse spelling mistakes
positive,Me And My Besterzz Agree That Should Be Counted As A Little Nap  Sleep Tight Love Us  xoxo
positive,"My cuckold actually had the nerve to pass out on me, so I'll be taking calls on Niteflirt in a few.  Probably till 4am-ish  "
positive,"but it's all in good fun me &amp; love you, clearly "
positive,Is going to Origin I &amp; III oh yeah  thankyou Mr Rudd. Flights accom tickets. Can't wait!!
positive,yeah I did I've learnt Feel Good Inc. When you were young. Rock you like a hurricane. And now I'm learning Killing The Name of
positive,"or how about a I Love Your Blog sign from Harold, that would be cool! "
positive,"Just curious, why did you suddenly jump on Twitter and then become so active so fast? Greetings from Berlin! "
positive, I think #PHP would be much better if they got rid of half of the functions in the language
positive,no more fever! celebrating by getting into twitter! yey!
positive,...cause they're really high and fluffy on the inside
positive,in France tmrw
positive,"sa bagay, you eat pancakes with bacon naman. haha interesting.. i shall try it. "
positive,"So glad to be back, and so glad to have a short week.  "
positive,Listening to &quot;scream&quot;! Love it. You really need to get it. Go get up and go now! yes you
positive,I feel all weird and grown up-ish after getting my ... Engagament ring.  It's beautiful. And shiny. Must state at the shiny ...
positive,"About to dash again! This is what happens when you sleep all day, you HAVE to party all night. "
positive,thanks Plue
positive,you and me both   go #canucks go!
positive,I love that list to tick people off. Actually quite a number I already enjoy from time to time or at least they crossed my mind
positive,Look at what just arrived at the R.AGE office?  - NC
positive,"napping, i guess "
positive,Awesome - hope it was great! I am about 2 hours away from seeing it at the Sydney (now second world viewing) premiere
positive,Give it a try. Twitter will still be here if you can't.
positive,"hmmm,i'll try to help you come up with something "
positive,haha true. Drama is good every once in a while
positive,"Het Tony, isn't you given forename &quot;Anthony&quot;? So that would make you no so cool.....right? TW "
positive,good luck on ur law test!  go study now!
positive,"supposedly i should be a motel owner, to get an insurance for the same as per some call-center execs.... man i feel rich "
positive,3 would be nice  Outside of TAFE SA for the moment
positive,Would you please email me? I can't seem to get Mr. Tweet to work... Still. What's up with that? Thanks.
positive,how about twittin a LIIIITTLE dean keally hint?
positive,cu placere
positive,I still wear the bottoms of my trousers rolled
positive,www.twitter.com/Go0seEgg .. add our baby!!!
positive,LOL exactly!  Too funny you just took me back
positive,"Ahh yes, I keep forgetting that my good taste in music is considered a disability amongst engineers.  "
positive,Testing out my DSi on this site. It rocks
positive,heyyyy miss you too honey  (F)
positive,"playin some good ol' source, stayin up late, and enjoying spring break "
positive,Believe it or not...I'm on vacation (well deserved) from 9th to 24th of April...God save my boss
positive,Does this party have a date?
positive,YAY!!! im your first follower!!
positive,Love that quote from Plato and am adding it to my notebook of quotes. (i collect quotes.  ) THANK-YOU!
positive,Ignore a mySQL problem until tomorrow? You're definitely still a system admin at heart
positive,Sleepy time with
positive,And I thought I was cold this morning in 16 deg C weather? Brrr!
positive,reading fanfiction. possibly going to get myself a piece of toast.
positive,I swear to you the only reason I'm excited for my birthday is because of Erik. I'm so lucky to have him. SO freaking lucky
positive,I couldn't agree more
positive,yay thx
positive,"Lovely evening, long but productive night - I heart the Reality TV Awards  now sleep?"
positive,I've noticed that. Made me sad because you were tweeting from NEWW.
positive,Or maybe i can -_- Idk i still think twitter is weird but i like the name
positive,rawr!  boredd out of my brain
positive,
positive,"thanks for all the input keep them arguments coming! "
positive,just a gentle reminder my dear
positive,My left eye is causing most of the problem. Considering a makeshift eye patch
positive,heh heh
positive,Hittin' Blackpool Pleasure Beach With Besterzz + Other Besterz + His Mate; Who Aparently has a 10 Pack!! Whaaaat! Serious!? Haha Yeahhh
positive,woop re-birth TODAY! woop woop then doctors. then SLEEP!!!!!!!! todaya will be goood
positive,Well right now getting ready for work
positive, - i would if i was your gf
positive,"Attending a PSFK conference is approx. $400, attending a Submit conference is $800. Reasonable? "
positive," hehehe NO, but I can relate to sloppy on these meds "
positive,That...was beautiful. Please madam..give us some more!
positive,i like how you real mature bout it. nd they not ya average abc rhymes
positive,"yes, bleeding eyes definitely means time for bed LOL night night to you "
positive, Candles are not ment for a specific gender. Im telling u. U gotta be open to things of life. Don't matter what it is.
positive,Thanks hun  *hugs*
positive,Morning all. Tuesday....  another two days till long weekend
positive,we need tweetbook. everyone is on facebook and no one will read my twitters!
positive,.Man - you need to get back on the horse.
positive,"ah...another day done...time for bed, gotta do it all over again tomorrow!  Night night ya'll!"
positive,"Ohh! Classics Armada. I'd want the Seekers in that series, or the minicons. "
positive,"Yes unfortunately, but did have a day off yesterday and got another on Friday so its a 3 day week "
positive,"Good question, had a bit of a rough day and physically not well but I'm hanging in there and still smiling "
positive,that's awesome you guys!!!  support
positive,totally need to be! Everything breaks or aches too much. Need a new body!
positive,I love that movie.
positive,Is writing a new song  so sleepy tho! LOL
positive,Ok now I am REALLY going 2 bed  Night Tweeps
positive,Check out my Blog! LIVE VIDEOS!!!!!!!: The day has come  We got the live videos back from Da..
positive,I second that.
positive,"Hey check out my new blog,  Learn about the Enneagram to land that great boss! "
positive,"Hmmm, sounds like a real dilemma in the baker household "
positive,You better believe it  Don't panic! There's still time!
positive,"Another fun time that was worth staying up late on a work night for. Besides, Sushi and Disney's Gargoyles = all kinds of win. "
positive,I'm headed to bed soon. Maybe.  I miss my west coast time zone days.
positive,*LOL* ... I think this is impossible. Unfortunately!  I wish you having a nice and deep sleep with many beautiful dreams! CU
positive,Time for breakfast and then off to work. Going to visit a musical tonight. Looking forward to that
positive,has a new bike   Happy days!
positive,"So just started, just seeing what it's all about. "
positive,"   man, oh man     (i should punch myself in the head, but im ok with that)"
positive,watching star world
positive,it was really good...
positive,YAYYY! I shall have to buy when I come for the City of Glass bookclub thing
positive, &quot;I'm a freelance writer for Braille porn and a stunt double for a hand model for Palmolive dishwashing liquid.&quot; [from
positive,"At the time, I was enjoying a beautiful warm evening in Studio City. "
positive,Dear magic cleaning fairies--please come to my house tonight so I will wake up to a pretty home
positive,&quot;Women produce a bonding hormone at the point of climax that causes them to want to cuddle&quot;  - FUN read! tnx
positive,"today was a good day, I love good daysss  wonder what tomorrow is gunna bring!"
positive,"is eating frozen grapes, in an effort to fill in his desire of sorbet and BTW they taste amazing. got another bushel o bananas "
positive,Lmao ...5$ footlong ...yOu're retarded
positive,"Ah it's ok, I couldn't think of a nicer way to be corrupted  #blib"
positive,"*hugs*  No need to be sorry, if it helps to talk and get it out, go right ahead, I don't think that is whining at all "
positive,I saw that before it got changed. HOT.
positive,i cant begin to tell you how much i hate IE
positive,all done   time for bed.  buenas noches!!
positive,I wanna get stonded and watch this movie again
positive,"yeah, no problem  yw means to me your welcome ;-)"
positive,"we're growing grass this easter, what have you done?  go green, remember this is our one and only home "
positive,"I will have to try that sometime. I like Greek food..uh, well, I like most food. hehe "
positive,Having a pleasant convo with my momma boutr hurting people  lol
positive,"Roger that, sir! "
positive,woo cubs are 1-0!
positive,sleepy time  see u in the A.M.
positive,I am at work.....going shopping soon
positive,"yes i am, i don't use just becuase &quot;Cyrus&quot; is a popular surname "
positive,two new hurley shirts today  jealous?
positive,likewise
positive,www.tolicesdoorkut.com e ria um pouco
positive,"Even though this will be my 3rd SlingPlayer Mobile, but I am as excited as ever "
positive,"hmm, I should be sleeping but I'm making some awesome CD mixes "
positive,and watching Leon....
positive,"you joined twitter to make me happy  besides, my loving family is your family too and we communicate this way, LOL"
positive,thanks u too
positive,Gratz on the film! Very awesome!  Favorite Nazi? Oskar Schindler.
positive,I wish my dentist told me that.
positive,Good sense won. Squeaky clean and off to dream. Goodnight
positive,"hey Shem, I just watched the trailer of the Transformers 2 over at JPP, with Lucas and he was mesmerized! "
positive,herbal essence  smells so good
positive,haha..okay!
positive, heres a link to a blog post i made about how to sign up for you and angel
positive,that works  What would you like to do?
positive,i love me some ladytron
positive,"Hiya Chutney Mary, that is a fine avatar "
positive,"Yes i remember, it was an awesome band. Will you be reply "
positive,Good morning beautiful people  - coffee &amp; sun ...
positive,Still tryna figure out Twitter. I thought I had it but hold on for me guys
positive,Finally going to bed..
positive,who wants to go see Matthew Broderick on Broadway with me?! seriously!!!
positive,can't wait for the Hannah Montana Movie.
positive,check out our site for long distance relationship support!
positive, your blog is like an addiction for me.
positive,Good Morning Twitters!  Do You have a Trouble Tree? This man does
positive,good night swetdreamss to everyonee   and jared never chat in kyte puff
positive,changing from bhs a1 hl to a1 sl
positive,Deciding if I should call it a night and wake up early to get into the studio. Or if I should just go all night. I like going all night
positive, All Noise Boy music is free until the 24th of May. It will be no worse than worth what you pay
positive,is learning to Tango with D
positive,kisha they cnt get over u til they get out frm under u just remember ur on top
positive,Two words for you: 'Physical Challenge!'
positive, - On the red carpet. Oh yeah.
positive,i would LOVE to be in California!
positive,lol go away...booo doesnt mean it wasnt a date cuz it was her  *jokes*
positive,yes sure did
positive,The nice thing about being clean and sober is that no one can accuse you of thinking like an alcoholic or a drug addict.
positive,"Horray!! I've been accepted into the Bazaar Bizarre Maker Faire 2009!! With 50% of accepted vendors being NEW to BazBiz, I am honored. "
positive, Today Hank learned the painful lesson all boys have to learn about t..
positive,"Better then what I thought, I can sleep now "
positive,hope he's doing better. best reguards and get well wishes.
positive,morning debbs webbs!!  Hope you had a nice sleep!
positive,sleepover with Corey and Korey.
positive,"Yay, Dr says my foot is fine!!!!! "
positive,"makes it all feel worthwhile doesn't it?  though today, i stretched myself and handwrote headings on butcher's paper!! "
positive,Re-installing KOTOR 1. Intending to finish it this time.
positive,"About to jump in the shower. Washing away all the bad thoughts, and stepping out of the shower with positive thoughts. "
positive,"Yes i remember that band, It was Awesome, Will you please reply "
positive,"Oh, just saw this reply, I guess ignore number 2 in my DM "
positive,"I have soo much to share about Rossi, but I don't want to torture you all tweetin about an 11m old baby. "
positive,enjoy the milk  #gotmilk
positive,I saw Natasha today and it made me so happy.
positive,is at Moffitt Library with Ate Golda and Kuya Rosauro  iChat with Ate Golda = So much for studying -_-
positive,lmao i forgot to twitter when i was done with my DBQ ! haha i was too excited at the moment
positive,"Yes, we certainly will! "
positive,It wouldn't be Easter in the Portland area if there wasn't rain.  I have 18 years of experience in it.
positive,cheer up its our birthday soon
positive,"baited breath, huh?    I hope we can't maintain those expectations!  Shooting for an update this weekend.  keep u posted!"
positive,Getting ready for work and feel fresher than yesterday
positive, nite you
positive,I'll more than likely be up because I have no desire to sleep right now and I just made a fresh batch of koolaid  yummy.
positive,yay for following me!  I'll try me best to entertain the shit out of you via twitter
positive,"really! awesome  just downloaded a mp3 track, trying that...."
positive,"Congratulation! But I will miss Kutner so much, I'm still in shock  and sad. And thank you for what you did on House! "
positive,poker is addictive  VERY!
positive,oh BTW - bought Mediatemple (mt) thanks to all for referrals..
positive,hi Debbs!
positive,ill git on dov to hookitUPPPP!!!!!!! thanks so much 4 sayin hey!
positive,question! if you could get anything from australia as a present .. what would that be?
positive,"that's cute! If you find an LS4, that would be excellent "
positive, Yep.  i like it here... better than i thought i would... Probably because of
positive,long story man!! ill tell u one day when we have more time to talk  :[
positive," Well, I hope you have a good time, even if it is just coffee. "
positive,thanks!!
positive,I love LUSH products......they're products smell and feel so good
positive,A jar of jif and a spoon is all I need
positive,hmm didn't find much on Challens or I just didn't look enough. My musical idol Is Elton John. Listening to him now!!!!!
positive,today felt like another fricken day out in the battlefield. but i definitely won the war this day. luv ya my frenz
positive," ya i'll be in hk for 3 months  but 21 is not big there. o well,so now u finally have 1 more frd u can hit the club w/ lol."
positive,got a grade of 96.8/100 on  Check it out:   Twitter fun!
positive,Woohoo auto hide of the dock for the win! Now I can play WoW and twitter without opening something else by accident!
positive,I like that quotation! So true. Miss you housie! Hope you're doing well
positive,Cherry blossoms are sooo beautiful.  I love spring.
positive,It's so sunny and happy today
positive,I suck at math but I understand sex really well -- this is the sort of mental image that is useful
positive,"LOL 3 is enough, mind its never off as it is on my second monitor "
positive,"Over here in Germany we have no Crisis, WE ARE CRISIS   "
positive,Well heading to bed early since I'm heading to the mall in the AM. Good night tweeps!
positive,good job! yeah i feel you. working out can be annoying sometimes but its definitely worth it in the end
positive,u are a true fan (and optimist). i'll take a winning season   #Mariners
positive,"I'm still at work pricing some items, finishing flyers and finalizing plans for the pajama jammie jam next Friday tha undaground. "
positive,Can you HEAR me now?
positive,"Hi ! Greeting from Poland, love your music "
positive,I can't wait! I'll def. come out to see you when you come to Portland
positive,"By the way, I almost forgot! There's an article about twitter in a maltese magazine "
positive,did you get my voicemail?  haha. i was bored.
positive,ICE 72331 to Berlin - quite relaxed atmosphere on board. We're all waiting for the free inclusive service on this train
positive,Updating my grandmother's computer. Always fun stuff.
positive,Sitting at his mom's work.  Craving tea.
positive,I personally feel that the school needs to be a little more helpful to innocent kids like us.
positive, I remember Anne of Green Gables - My sister and I used to watch it when we were younger!
positive,Thanks hon. I've already received a few nasty grams. But that's okay. I knew it would happen.
positive,aw i'm fine too thanks! yeah i miss you so much on the MFC  but hope we can talk later on today  kisses :huglove:
positive,Wondering why Twitter had the arse with me last night. Bizarro!  xx
positive,Good morning everyone!  It's a sunny day here!
positive,cheers bruv! We've been delayed so spending a day in Houston. 2nd pint of the morning!
positive,HEY GUYS EVERYONE ADD please and thank you
positive,Safe travels and congrats on the new move
positive,"i LOVE the hills, it's very addicting. once you get into it, you're hooked. i suggest you start watching it "
positive,there was an avvie of me but this is bunny week! my pic returns on Monday
positive, - Look who's half naked... again
positive,Latest blog post (repeat transmission for my American &amp; Canadian friends). Hope you dig!
positive,I like audio podcasts. I listen while driving and walking (exercise). And lets face it - some people don't belong on video.
positive,"Really enjoying my DSi. Will update pics, profile, etc. tomorrow. Off to bed "
positive,Sleeeepin. Gotta rest up to finish painting
positive,alex has a problem staying awake for any movie...
positive,is twittering at uni
positive,thanks.
positive,"i was in Kenya when i was 11 years old, one of the best holidays of my life! it was amazing! my hubby is South African "
positive,"Hi ! Greetings from Poland, love your music "
positive,"Getting ready for BED. A Super long day ahead. Tax, Finance, Micro, FINALS! Ugh, how am I gonna survive! but hey, 4 months with my baby ? "
positive,waiting for the pizza to bakee
positive,DVD is fine. Stay tuned on the channel: more updates are coming soon
positive,thanks! Finally something that I can smile about
positive,Yes you do have followers...12 of them! That's gotten at least one person into serious trouble
positive, getting splashy I see
positive,"Yeah, Red Dwarf alone can keep one busy for days. "
positive,ha ha ha! I bet you do!
positive,"OK..only 2 more hours left...and nobody died or got shot tonight! phewww!!! good night's work, will rest easy on days off  yayyy"
positive,sadly after 10 years of marraige peeing with the door open is common place
positive,"tea and the tonight show  .. say hello to john melendez, kevin eubanks, and the tonight show band!"
positive,hi  just found out I have pcos. Tired of doctors in the las vegas area.
positive,Yeah for sure... It's happening at the Bells Billabong Store this Saturday from around 4-6.... maybe later if the contest runs
positive,"OH, and thanks again to and for walking to my car and listening to the Beatles with me  Love you guys."
positive,"A three day week! Oh, if every working week was three days! "
positive,On train to Star #Trek movie premiere with my golden entry ticket to &quot;A Reserve Circle&quot;
positive,You've done better than me. I gave up on the readings and watching the news in week four.
positive,morning Philip  what a pain!!   ahem!!
positive,"I just joined my first ever Battle over at BOTB, vote for me okay guys? "
positive,ang ganda nga ng mr. intentional
positive,nothin layin in bed watchin tv  what u doin
positive,Good Morning TwitEarth!
positive,different time zones or way too much coffee.
positive,"owww, mau donk diajarin... "
positive,its good for you crystal!
positive,just posted a blog on being single... go check it out yo
positive,Totally in awe of Firebug for Firefox. Wow.. now that is a cool tool
positive,Paddington! Is *so* nearly home
positive,podcasts are on my laptop
positive,You need to straighten up your gaming! More gaming equals more happiness
positive,Sleep. Then AT&amp;T in the morning. Oh the sweet smell of the boys of summer.
positive,I'm on a boat
positive,"I hate those shows, and everything they stand for. What a way to make ppl look ridiculous! 'cept Audrina, she's mine "
positive,I see your M.O. there  #rofl
positive,"your material is inventive, intelligent and absolutely HILARIOUS --&gt; can't wait for the new season of Curb "
positive,it sure is  and I love that on PeopleBrowsr I have no columns limit and my groups and settings are saved in the cloud.
positive,Now on twitter! How fun!
positive,*honestly* jus went to a random page on Myspace &amp; they had my song on their profile!  that shit was random but jus makes me work harder!
positive,who doesn't love fuzzy crits?
positive,read and put a question in there for ya  but of course.
positive,I'm such a happy girly. I think that means it's time for candy. Joy! Fun! Love! Smile!
positive,yep. Had their CD back. Still remember the cover - horribly early 90's! Had all the Anne of Green Gables books too.
positive,"Let me pre-empt the inevitable &quot;When a man is tired of GH he is tired of life&quot; comment by saying I'm just tired, in general "
positive,I love target too  hiii nicole!
positive,": hm , that's sound scandalously sad !    Let's make happy music ! "
positive,3. Just kidding! I won't spam y'all anymore.
positive,you're welcome for K-ROD!   #openingday
positive,Watching funny TV show clips on Hulu.com
positive,"Is my way the right way? Yes. Is it the only &quot;right way&quot;? Um, no. Not at all. I just know what works for me and my clients. "
positive,I'll feed you for life is you say my cookies are the best.
positive,Posting a new vid.. nothing to do with weight loss just felt like vlogging..
positive,Goodnight
positive,yes has all the sugar and salt to rehydrate you quickly
positive,"That's a very good question - don't know how I did it  - I could make a few guesses, let's chat at Exeter on 7th!"
positive,bars on Monday = awesome.
positive, - Cute shirt from
positive,good morning i like that song too.. im praying now
positive,Opps I meant &quot;summer vacation&quot; I had the cassette tape
positive,My #kfanyc is not up because I do not have server space.  Will fix that in May.  Everything can happen in May.
positive,packing another order for a NEW retailer
positive,"I'm living in penang, its far from singapore plus i'm just getting started on IM so maybe a little while before i can go travel "
positive,good to see your info on ED...
positive,"Well, I think you should go search for the pot of gold "
positive,Going to bed after this show goes off.  lifes pretty grand.
positive,"Anybody in Atlanta hiring if you are looking for IT pro in Networking, please let me know "
positive,"hey there..so cool to hear about the focus group...i am signed up for wed, hope ours is as fun as your was "
positive,Trying To Figure Out This Twitter Thing
positive,infatuated with twitter... like me. Too bad I don't have many followers. You should listen to a recording I've done
positive,TweetDeck supports ??????
positive,Hihi I love it! Drinking Red Bull in the morning
positive,inducted the new FLOfficers tonight
positive,"haha yes, it would be cool, but i'm pretty sure my cookies don't know anything about political bias in cable news... "
positive,HEY GUYS EVERYONE ADD please and thank you
positive,looooooong day ahead! another sunny day
positive,Don't let that stop you coming along
positive,Gooooooooood Morning Twitterville. I wonder what today will bring and which song I'll have stuck in my head most of the day
positive,"RE: your french word. sorry, but it looks like you're going to have to try harder...its down 11.5%  "
positive,I like saving money
positive,thanks i had a lot of fun...vegas is always a good time for me
positive,Is quite pleased that the weather forecast for Cyprus looks so good - not like turkey last year!! Mmmmm... Sunshine!!
positive,Big thanks to Brenton for my workouts! He's kicking my butt into shape! Hello bikini body.
positive,"Ava has just taken me for a short walk to the shop, to buy cigarettes
positive,laying in bed. I have high hopes. it's going to be good.  God is GOOD !!!
positive,Wohoooo! Wilco is coming to Pukkelpop?? Do you think I can invite them for a good coffee at my house  ?
positive,Just typed up massive trench warfare plans for the defense of the Papal States in 1983. &lt;3 forum-based geopolitical wargames.
positive,you are so right  thanks for that. Always nice to have some positive people around!
positive,heyy yess  whats up dude!?
positive,Awesome! I'll try to chop!
positive,Feeling a bit better this morning - J let us lie in until 7:30 which was nice but means I am now rushing to get into work
positive,"Afterwards, spoke with my Mom -- she argued in your defense, ahupua'a and all! "
positive,Thanks for featuring me on Cuteable yesterday
positive,excited about mi promisin future I need a spiritual cleanse. I'm prayin then its off to bed  night twittheads!
positive,sooo freaking tired. glad it's almost the break soo i can sleep in! cant wait to head to weyburn after easter.
positive,I have crocheted washcloths in my store - afghanartistry
positive,I suddenly have the urge to watch Karate Kid and catch flies with chopsticks. Must be time to eat oriental.
positive,Mmmmm wings
positive,"I find your tweets are extraordinarily and consistently positive. Given my own last tweet, I could take a page from your book. "
positive,GOD! send ME some of your clothing that you don't want.. hangbags too please! anything! ill cherish it
positive,"NOOOOOOOOO!!! As cool as Iron Man is, women are way better. On the other hand, Iron Man doesn't nag or talk back.   "
positive,Q g0 t0 bed!!  wat r u doinggggg??
positive,Sleeeep time! I'll check back in tomorrow!  raining tomorrow? wtheck?
positive,Hello! You should have the cereal with loads of sugar
positive,picked up my new car this morning
positive,"that's ok, it was funny lol "
positive,is coloring!
positive,sadness! but they are credited in the movie!
positive,"Well, we are on the verge of ruining this planet completely. Time we started working on another, dontya think? "
positive,"though, well he's like a big brother  - always friendly and supportive."
positive,well well well...look who it is  welcome to this crazy twitter world...hahahha
positive,"Strawberry cheesecake ice cream and Captain Jack Sparrow.  Yeah, it's a good life. "
positive,Just working again..... We gonna digitalhero some ship today
positive,Starting a busy day at work happy that rang me from airport
positive,"Ok.. so Dunkroos could not be found, but I found something called Dunk 'ems and the flavor is &quot;Awesomely Oreo&quot; I shall now try it "
positive,Listening to Honor Society
positive,"Was the 1st time I used the lightbox, so a bit rough, but wanted to do it before she got too big! "
positive,awesome Debbs!
positive,waiting for the clock to turn 5 so i can go home
positive,LOL well one thing we can do is you can show me how to get to the rocky horror place
positive,What a session! Headin' to my lady's house for some home cookin'
positive,Have you prepared the 110 x 80px banner?
positive,can't stop laughing
positive,Not really going  Wish I was though. Wasn't this hot.
positive,[2/2] orkut's team cleaned the phishing link in few hours and responded to me with a thank you note
positive,"thankyou  bet your eye looks lovely, consider an eye patch if only to spare others pain on looking at your gooey eye ;)"
positive,Good Luck Girl
positive,"Sad to say I just take multivitamins, I guess I'm getting old  oh yeah, if i hold the &quot;P&quot; will i get more vitamins? LMAO"
positive,You're one letter alway!    Koreans don't use &quot;X&quot; so there's no hope for me.
positive,- my avatar? LOL! yup. new FF. new Avatar. Everyone started changing theirs now too
positive,LOL! I think he shud get a pic of his taken with the bunnies himself now  The damn LCR site is alrdy NSFW at work though!
positive,Finished reading 1st book of the Hollows series by Kim Harrison 'Dead Witch walking' LOVED IT!  Started book 2 already
positive,Coffee! ...and in less than 24h back on the plane
positive,In our new feature we're launching tomorrow I am going to launch a new list &quot;people I really trust&quot;  Good night!
positive,
positive,"I'm sooooooooooo over him, its funny. "
positive,Hi Found you through loved the positivity in your mini bio and thought it would be good to connect
positive,I agree entirely. Won't have to wait too much longer!
positive,Hehe Watch out for it tho  Have a great morning at your end...
positive,"Gonna go for a jog with my dog, it looks beautiful outside... Gotta love spring "
positive,lol omg check my profile in 5 mins
positive, A mix i made if you want to listen to some new-ish indie pop/rock stuff
positive,Thanks man
positive,Ahan  let me eat his head then! Danke!
positive,cool changing avatar u got there. nice quotes too
positive,good morning dougie
positive,"back in Montreal, missing the sun, the ocean, the desert, and my oh my the good looking boys....but hey at least ive got awesome friends "
positive,I will be enjoying my long vacation starting tomorrow!  I'll also be doing some reflection in the spirit of the Lenten Season! ;)
positive,Time for nite nite I guess
positive,"Well, since I'm on the subject, maybe I'll complain about it some more. "
positive,"eww maths, one day till holidays "
positive,whats bad abt it? good thing indeed  congrats..when is the summit
positive,"happy birthday Sybil. wow. // coffee at nearly 3 in the morning. in for another LONG night... or, morning?! "
positive,"&quot;through all the hard times in my life, those nights kept me alive&quot; "
positive,"if it's less than an hour of sleep, its napping but more than an hour is sleeping. "
positive,"It's not about working hard, it's about work smart "
positive,is at 98 followers
positive,"interpretor...sounds cool  ,but i am soo sleepy XD"
positive,"Today its biz side vs dev side  Tennis, bowling &amp; beers! Let the games begin..."
positive,LOL really? I always thought I too much.  have a good night.
positive,work.  pears (in liquid state) bought for weekend. they say fruits are healthy!
positive,Did You Know what is happening? -  isa un kodoliga futuralogija
positive,Good night!
positive,"Yeah...Here is 1 vegan  P.S. Jared, you are one of the greatest artist of all time !"
positive,no thanks. I don't like jail
positive,home - yay bought so many nice things in the city today
positive,You'll have to sweet talk her  make sure she knows you are a hard worker.
positive,nah I dont even lol haha thankssss for the page love
positive,listening to songs
positive,"Awesome! I love that show. No, I didn't see it but, I did record it, so I'll probably watch it in a little bit.  Ryan's cute."
positive,"As another long day begins, James is glad it's sunny. Stay away nasty rain "
positive,come stay at mine on friday
positive,strange your page is just like our company
positive,encantado..  been looking for stuff like that for the past few days..
positive,at least he's in good hands
positive,hopefully they are just followers rather than stalkers
positive,I wish they are all ex red arrows and I have had the privilege of flying with them
positive,"Flickr for photos, Youtube for videos, Megaupload for large files. Own sites for articles. That's it. "
positive,"It was a quote , a mere quote "
positive,haha michelle  u work too hard! haha
positive,Last call soon! Slow night
positive,I love purses! U shud send me some
positive,HEY GUYS EVERYONE ADD please and thank you
positive,Goodnight twitterland! Belle and I are going for walks and adventures tomorrow!
positive," , very nice a session. I recommend to everyone. Immediate access to news  ws Esma"
positive,Why howdy maam. I'm fine n dandy. And if ur naive I'm a dutch man's uncle
positive,Ugh. That first 'now' should be a 'know'. It's your fault for making me stay up late on a Monday
positive,you got it
positive,"Listening to Lokki talk, ok he's a cat so it's all meows I don't understand but man the sounds he can make as he wanders the apartment.  "
positive,It happened because everyone freakin' loves the shit out of you! Get used to it  Hope you have a good week!
positive,"It was a mere quote, that's all "
positive,still thinks twitter is a hipster circle jerk
positive,"ugh i hate you, we got snow in the middle of April...dont you just miss Canada?   *ends sarcasm*"
positive,"im off to work, I will returns the hellos when I get home  "
positive,"Can you tell it's spring break here, boys are off school so I don't have to be up at first light and can actually stay up late!!!! "
positive,I really love reflections and shadows
positive,"No hunny, there are no vampires ... just bloodsucking salespeople that steal daddy's money...  Day 1 as a Lycan."
positive,why are you still up?
positive,thank you!
positive,i love writing letters of complaint - i just always forget to mail em. I'm an agent-of-change (in my head) Lol
positive,EXCITING! Suppose to be 75 degrees out tomorrow! YEAH!!!!
positive,Watching spongebob till I fall asleep
positive,"Just downloading it now Icy,will let you know what i think when i watch it "
positive,"Only '?8, that's brill! I can see my pic now, did I disappear for a while? Strange. "
positive,finally got approved for the apartment. Mandy and I really deserve it.
positive,omg i sooo cannot wait. once it's properly ready will take pix and upload k!
positive,watching comedian Nick Griffin.&quot;Life is difficult that's why I love sleeping.It's like temporary suicide..but you wake up refreshed.&quot;
positive,I have eight days off in New York before dance. booking my flight now
positive,You can start making a religion of your own to make yourself fall asleep them
positive,haha morning then. i think (aussie here) wheat bix with honey!! or maple syrup and milk
positive,tomorrow should be a great day! im actually going on a date! wow..this should be interesting!
positive,congratulations on winning an award  x
positive,thx. you guys would definately had fun. but i do know you were already having awesome times in sf -part of rev3's scam school!
positive,is now at FILDIAS
positive,"and also, i'm leaving - see you on the train all.. "
positive,it doesn't =( just take it and run with it!
positive,haha its 3pm here. good afternoon!
positive,Gettin' down to some Hollywood Undead. Mmmmhmmm
positive,good morning dougie and tom. how are you today?
positive,I had an amazing day today..with Jessica and everyone else modeling  oh I haven't felt so happy in a while &lt;3
positive,"close, but no cigar.  banana-toffee "
positive,&amp; Morning Pups! Thanks for the follow. Look fwd to barking at you soon!!  This Twitter is going to the dogs!
positive,I know!! I just hadn't had one in such a long time.. The goodness surprised me.
positive,ooo it's fantasy?  i like fantasy novels   will check it out
positive,is home from justin's farewell dinner.. don't die!!
positive,never mind  I hope GF II is worth buying it ?
positive,"woohoo, just beat ass at typeracer...once. "
positive,"Hey Ced, this is KingdomGuard "
positive,well that was succinct
positive,"btw, i saw you're coming to volterra  my house is open if you need a place to stay."
positive,i would have to agree that is quite an amazing girl....and in a few weeks I'll be having dinner with an amazing couple
positive,sleeping under the stars
positive,Im glad to hear im not the only one awake at 2 in the morning
positive,"no probs, I sell nothing other than my blog   I'll have to get a listen to your band, on iTunes?"
positive,"oh - and triple H won at wrestlemania...not that I'm counting, but 100% of my predictions were accurate "
positive,maybe we can to when I move down?
positive,"3 apples, 2 nectarines, 1/2 flat strawberries, 1/2 bag of grapes, cup of chopped walnuts, sliced, diced, and mixed 2 yummy perfection "
positive,"&quot;Head On&quot; by Pixies, because the video is awesome and underplayed "
positive,lol!  Isn't it past your bedtime? It is for me. See you tomorrow!
positive,two tests down..  three tests and a twenty first birthday to go..
positive,Have a good Tuesday
positive,Weeeeeeh It's almost tomorrow today!
positive,"good morning tom and dougie, how are you today? "
positive,Are you serious?
positive,Good Nite Babe!!
positive,"Don't read past tweets  Hey, it's not email!"
positive,we love you too!
positive,"Quite tearful today, but I laughed a lot also. To put it simply. "
positive,Men Without Hats - Safety Dance is DaH best song ever created of all time *starts to dance*    &lt;3
positive,Today was good  Going to shower now. Then watch Family Guy.
positive,Until we get to 10.0 unemployment It just time to do part-time and school
positive,Yay i actually slept this morning!
positive,"Mathew, it is pretty crazy huhh  text me in the A.M."
positive,&quot;NOKLA connecting people&quot; ?? ???????  ???????
positive,lol you like that did you... don;t worry i got more
positive,"Thanks for the 'sermon' lol. I was asleep when You wrote it, but it was nice to wake up to. The simple life...If only!  x"
positive,wants to go out. dragonball evolution premiere tonight!
positive,I am freakin grateful that I don't work at Fontana Fitness anymore!
positive,tomorrow is a big big day. first day at the new job  uhh so nervous.
positive,now thats fun!!! enjoy the premier.
positive,No such thing as too many public holidays  I'm looking forward to lots of chocolate too!
positive,Booo!!! Ur just being urself...n we love it!!!
positive,haha there is a bit of that! makes getting up early easier too.
positive,"Another bright sunny day! - Island must have driftered south over the last few days  Oh well, time to eat then off to work"
positive,Champions League back on tonight
positive,LOL yes - but I truly can't believe what I forgot! OMG Oh #$perhaps I am doing to much? #that! lol w love!x  hehe help...
positive,"Maaan, I'm going to miss Kutner. He was my favorite on the show. Keep being awesome, Kal! "
positive, God! how many Tweets do you make a day. I have 89407 calls left for today
positive,I love you best
positive,"hahaha... shiiit, dont i feel like a douche bag =/ hehe! thx for the tips anyway  much appreciated!im glad to be different"
positive,just bought the best scarf ever
positive,can't access his bank account ;) this is going to be fuuuuuuuun
positive,"here are your three videos, use them to meditate
positive,for those who are puzzled by umtweeti wam
positive,haay can you tell me the attendance question for personal computer tomorrow? Thanks  &lt;3
positive,"had an amaaazing day.  Running, sushi, shower, beach, uno on the beach, fun. "
positive,In weekend am mers pana la padurea din spatele curtii... si uitati ce am gasit!
positive,Sarcasm. Hits me every time as well
positive,"I saw them live a few years ago, surprised at how calm they looked on stage. "
positive,"Yes, she is
positive,"ok, it's officially my birthday!  crack a beer if you got one, that's what I'm doing "
positive,Thanks. wp e-commerce is very buggy. Think i'll do the custom thing. Now to find the time
positive,I'm excited for rescue me to start tomorrow. Or is it today.
positive,"Didier's return a big boost for us at Chelsea ahead of the UEFA CLeague.. hope the champ plays, scores and wins it 4us.. fingers crossed "
positive,sooo crazy that its ur middle of the day and I'm bout to go to sleep!..haha hope all is well! Buy any new kicks?!..lol  hollleer
positive, - Love it! Love your new logo as well
positive,"#SF Bay Area Rides I want a ride, please  SC &gt; LA (santa cruz): Anyone perhaps going to L..
positive,Going out soon. Got Mileys CD
positive,lol no one commenting on my posts.  i feel soooo loved
positive,Morning - how nice to see everyone is awake and chirp - it helps
positive,"first impressions are good actually, like the design, a happy-summer feeling "
positive,"Apart from I-tunes, can anyone recommend a good and reasonable download site? And I should say &quot;legitimate.&quot; "
positive,"Kumar Sanu calls current film songs 'shouting'. Well, at least singers don't shout from their noses these days
positive,"I didn't say it was correct, just what I thought "
positive,lol This will mostly depend on how you dance ! If you dance like no-one is watching then maybe a bit more !
positive,"I found my MADDEN '08!  in '09  ...oh well, I say Old is New Again!"
positive,"Uh oh, now I'm getting kind of scared. "
positive,"Not for work...just for personal fulfillment!  I'll call/msg you tomorrow, maybe we can work something out!?"
positive,What a precious photo... makes me want to pinch your cheeks.
positive,bed time
positive,is watching Prince Turns to Frog
positive,"Planning to learn basic sign language these holidays  Geez, I have a whole list o_0"
positive,thanks
positive,Have a beautiful y safe trip!!! Lots of hugs y hearts
positive,yep - doing my best viking impersonation - even without the helmet
positive,"Hey hey, where did you get the Man U rompers? Are there any other club rompers available? Thanks  -Zee"
positive,"Lookin Bet right now. She's like kryptonite , she stops  me dead on my feet. Love my Melly "
positive,"If time permitted, even with 36,000 followers, I would everyone back who takes their time to me. "
positive,I LOVE YOU and ain't no one in this whole world who could convey that to you like me!
positive,Finally going to sleep; getting up early for Opening Day in San Francisco
positive,"Yup, not many of us are named &quot;Benjamin Button&quot; "
positive,"doing this damn outline for a script! Smh, hella  time consuming. Shouldn't you be taking advantage of some REST, perhaps? "
positive,jep I could use some sleep
positive,Flickr group &quot;Things iPhoto Thinks are Faces&quot;
positive,thought it would feel much better
positive,I hate deadlines. So why am I majoring in broadcast to be an anchorwoman who will have multiple daily deadlines? I HAVE NO IDEA!
positive,Lets Drop ..Ich hatte gerade K'se auf Toast. Germandoo. Oh the Joy of knowing some words in german  (via twitt..
positive,Happy birthday
positive,"aha! 2 points to Ang, 0 to Kilian. I'm getting better at this "
positive,getting music updated finally
positive,Really?! Who?? lol
positive,"Preparing numbers for ReSharper 4.5 release. Who need numbers, I wonder? "
positive,just got bac from the lib and lol headed to bed no classes 2morrow!! yay!
positive,loves clean sheets
positive,sehr sucht
positive,hehe  I knew someone would do the deaf joke :oP  Catch you later hun
positive,Once again stayed up to late and have to start too early  It is a good thing I like my job
positive,"I'm up way too early and it's rather cold. On the brighter side, and I are going on our picnic today "
positive,if I'm working with a company a year after 4.0 is released and they are still on 3.0
positive,Five? Seems a little bit too late in the morning but what the hell !
positive,ryanodonnell: Thanks for putting on such a great event. Can't wait for the inevitable sequels!  [..
positive,Carli's my friend
positive,I feel so great for starting twitter at suzanne  but still hardly anyone has it.
positive,"I just said I was wondering about it, not that I wanted it. "
positive,thanks dude
positive,Glad to hear that   Professional phone sex operator. And you?
positive,"Planning to learn basic sign language these holidays  Geez, I have a whole list of things to do...o_0"
positive,"Wooohooo, amazon lowering mp3 prices. Fuck you iTunes "
positive,definitely a GOOD 1!
positive,it was awesome meeting you tonite  thanks for being so nice!!
positive,"they probably want to know what site he downloaded it from, so they can get their own copy "
positive,Thanks Jace!!! Yeah - I made it super quick but I really like it  Yay Logos
positive,I love cold pizza for b'fast! Mmm!
positive,actually the world will end at 12/12/12  so the movie must come out before then
positive,yes I watch 'The United States of Tara' via the wonders of the Internet as I am in the UK and it's not here yet  Great show.
positive,haha that makes my online fart
positive,PYT is an excellent song
positive,Traffic is hell in Athens. Should I quit job to find one closer to home ?
positive,"No, I wasn't really.  But you do &quot;kinda&quot; look like a terrorist!.... :-|"
positive,added you on NST
positive,"Hey, I didn't say I would eat them  aren't they like an inside-out pizza? Will my local Coles stock them? Important Q's."
positive,It's a beautiful day...
positive,"watching another cinderella story  aparently it's better than a cinderella story, the hilary duff one. lol"
positive,Finished my book-onto #4 now
positive,at all: what are your favorite cinema film aktually? i have no answer until yet...that's no help for me
positive,I agree with Jo! Don't say thanks Natasha! We're hrere for you!
positive,googling...Biltmore estate....flower festival coming up..looks like a neat place to visit
positive, &lt;- my new very best friend (until I make one better   )
positive,Meeee tooooo. But it's freezing outside and I don't want to miss this!!!! I have a job to do!
positive,i love you willie!
positive,leave the irreparable past in God's hands and step out into the irresistible future with Him!
positive,gone to sleep.. so tired! goodnight or good morning to everyone! have a nice day people
positive, thanks.
positive,"at the end of the day i ended up exalted with a faction, 9 mounts richer, and 1100 gold poorer.  good night "
positive,thank you very much
positive,"I'm gonna try and sleep now  it's 3:07, and i'm kinda tired this time. My wonderful bed is waiting for me. Sick, strep throat :/. Night&lt;3"
positive,Move a bit south for some sun rays
positive,"i like coffee, water, coke and beer "
positive,"Putting my RESUME in at foodworks tomorrow, omg, i hope i get it, i will be able to start earning money!  OMG!!!!! "
positive,its all good hahha im glad you have fun  the pics on your blog will give me fapping material for days to come ;)
positive,"Good night, world. Please still be there in the morning when I awake. "
positive,good night
positive, - you're so cute
positive,"good luck homes. I'll be at my computer for most of the day, so chat me if you want a diversion/support "
positive,"If you want REALLY weird, listen to &quot;Everything Falls Apart&quot; and then go forward to &quot;Body of Song.&quot; "
positive,"Shouldn't argue, since you know I'm not going to change my opinion of you "
positive,fuck i'm loving this song today.. everyone listen to it now. it makes a person smile big..
positive,is now feeling good about the economics presentation. I've studied for 4 years - I have to know something
positive,"dum di dum, cant sleeep and can NOT do the stanky leg, FML. "
positive,Camilla! I love your eyes! You have the cutest face! and the most gorgeous figure. Really good actor.
positive,evening primrose oil  and loads of vitamin c
positive,taking photography pics of the beach
positive,"hey dougie  thought you would be the best one to ask... what are some names for lizards. i may be getting one, i wanted YODA!"
positive,Yes I have noticed that! I like my 8am Tweets  Nice &amp; easy!
positive,Going to go for a walk in Lathkildale - enjoy the sunshine today folks!
positive,Hurray i got it
positive,Newcastle: Pot Capital of Australia  Well it was I wonder what Newcastle's is.
positive,Job searches=lame.  But sending my cover letter to steve to edit/write for me=perfection
positive,
positive,uploading THE MAINE interview. enjoy
positive,hehe  now i can send him tweets all the time
positive,Awww hell! Disturbed on now! Inside the Fire followed by The Night!
positive,I'm gonna email you - too much to write here!
positive,is just checking things out
positive,today was super fun and we tried new things plus we have future hangout buddies
positive,"So, coffee was kind of a let down... but perhaps my weekend will be more exciting! "
positive,hey? Where r u? Still in irish pub in Rome?
positive,I take it you won't be at the keynote then
positive,"Good Morning, Tweet Peeps....Something to think about  &quot;Content makes poor men rich; discontentment makes rich men poor.&quot;"
positive,and my bro-in-law obviously
positive, Have a good evening sweetheart {{hugs}} thanks for the tunes glad i got you closer to your blip goal
positive,Just got home. Fun day. Swimming. Then downey now home.
positive,Big planning meeting today followed by our first radio interview - my Comfort Zone is officially expanding......
positive,Well the sun is shining and I'm feeling guilty 'cos I've neglected the garden. Seed sowing and weeding today methinks
positive,with ne'er a cellulite dimple in sight
positive,warm glass of milk? Sleeping pills? Do I need to read you a bed time story?
positive,I am so swamped! I will get online again soon. I will not neglect my best friends!
positive,"what about Halloween? Maybe not cake and ice cream ... so I guess it would be Hyper Day, not the same. Never mind. "
positive,first big massive fight...I blame Sam
positive, come on down buddy. would love to have ya
positive,my eyes are all sleepystill and when I looked at your reply to Seb I was all 'he replied to her? Sweet! but now. I'm very tired
positive,I've justheard about the demonstrations on the news. Good luck
positive,well done mate. good post too!
positive,"Awesome picture, dude. You and eBG have matching visors. "
positive,"  new video. amazing. simply stunning, not to mention one of my favorites. "
positive,Time for bed! Sleeping to Thursday  pretty stoked for school tomorrow. Goodnight all!
positive,I could survive...
positive,I'm in a David Bowie mood  I feel like watching Labyrinth!!! Sexiest GOBLIN KING I've ever seen. CLASSIC!
positive,"Glad to hear it, thanks for letting me know "
positive,"Plenty of tea here, I'll get the toaster ready "
positive,"'Bout Damn Time!  You should also reserve sarcasmagorical, just in case... "
positive,oatmeal at 3am &gt; veg soup at 5am.
positive,- I'm not a doctor but it sounds like a some sort of allergy to me . Everything is going to be OK darling   I promise! xxx
positive,oh yes I can see that! lovin it
positive,its pretty fucken good so far hehe
positive," Link takes me to &quot;Hazardous Weather Outlook for Michigan&quot;, quick &amp; dirty indeed. "
positive,"yay~! bought jax a new tag, looks pretty much the same as the one he lost. "
positive,i just cut my hair and it actually looks a lot better ahaha
positive,I have tried getting you up for yoga and I don't believe it!  I'm proud of you
positive,thanks for putting me on your coolest design cats list
positive,so the other night i kissed a statue of a toad.. lets keep our fingers crossed for prince charming  or would he become a statue too?
positive,"I just read about your new job, CONGRATULATIONS!  That's fantastic."
positive,Jon this ride you have taken us on is way too amazing! We are just glad you can hear us &amp; understand if you cant reply
positive,i didnt do much made a sandwhich  and then caught a fish  wbuyou going paulis party? some good news for you cant say on here.
positive,"How absolutely delicious of you to say so.  We put our heart and soul into it, so it's nice to know it's appreciated "
positive,"All  here. Alwys lvly 2 spk w/u Awww If I cld, Id giv u a fut massaj... Awww so sweet. TY YW Heres another (((( ))))"
positive,would love to stay in bed but have to go to work...roll on the long weekend!
positive,better be careful with that aching feet in the gym.
positive,"Right people, Im back. 12hrs of mind numbing IT work ahead... y'all better bring it! "
positive,is off to bed. Will explore later.  Lol.
positive,"You should so do the RB bundle, dude. You're bound to get a gig as a backup Temptation "
positive,"- Just reading your blog, looks cool! "
positive,Im going to home and take the doggies to the park...will twitter from the park
positive,Thank you Cal!  Always sunny in Wales? lol Yes the people maybe but certainly not the weather!
positive,"cant do facebook at work, sorry. have yourself a great day stuffed full of awesomeness! "
positive,"btw, I'm doing all of my CCSF / Communique 5 dev on a MacBook Pro.  "
positive,Nice product! Think I'll have to wait until next time I'm in the US to try it unless you ship o/seas
positive,"sorry twitterberry fails, glad to see you here! "
positive,Quick question who is the female singer?
positive,Had an amazing time at The Summer Set!
positive,.. has twitter
positive,another jog done  now I will proceed to do some degree standard cutting and sticking
positive,ooooh such a good night  bed time!
positive,RULE OF LIFE#1: STOP SAYING NO WHEN OFFERED COFFEE.  RULE OF LIFE#2: eat lots of people
positive,Flutter: Let's found 'supra-tinyurl.com' then - they're too long otherwise...
positive,HEY GUYS EVERYONE ADD please and thank you
positive,"WOOT.COM - Keyring Breathalyzer 2 Pack... I JUST BOUGHT one for myself, oh hells yes. a DUI is not in my future, thanks "
positive,Good morning Lithuania and Paris
positive,This morning I was woke up by Janis Joplin. This can't be bad. Morning all!
positive,"The older theory was, marry an older man because they're more mature. But the new theory is men don't mature. Marry a younger one. "
positive,haven't been able to sleep at ALL. i think i'll watch Ugly Betty online.
positive,is soooooooooooooooooo glad taylors back
positive, You inspire me to Twitter a lot
positive,I suppose I am now officially one of the Literati.  Does that give me smart points?
positive,- so if ur not ... who are u ? hahah ... u obviously 'know' the other one.... bucket list
positive,you're baaack!  you must tell me about your escapades!  video chat soon
positive,Having a goooooood afternoon
positive,Missing My Best Friend. Listening to Radio Disney
positive,"I stupidly put my teddy bear that my grandparents gave me when I was 2 into storage when the house forclosed, dad rescued the bear 2day! "
positive,"Was a &quot;ranger&quot; for a day, sporting red hair in support of my sports day team, who came 2nd. Heading to the pub for teacher's EOT dinner "
positive,Sending last documents to accountant. Almost there
positive,"Man, im glad to see that you're starting to rebuild things, all my best wishes for your future. "
positive,great man! good luck with everything! I'm guessing the coming days are going to be extremely exciting
positive,morning
positive,"Well, I like the America Ferrera one...but that's it. "
positive, this link is for you. Mind checking it out a bit?
positive,its time
positive,Thanks - That was a good deal
positive,But they are so good.
positive,12 Common Photoshop Mistakes and Malpractice   great for begginers like me
positive," I'm pretty good, snufsnuf, just wanted to acknowledge your commiseration for my stale Cheez Doodles ;) Nice to meet you "
positive,"Whoa, apparently my Etys are coming back tomorrow! Strangely, they didn't charge me for repairs. Complimentary UPS shipping. Etymotic R. "
positive,in the office now...but not for long
positive,its beginning to feel a lot like summer everywhere i go!
positive,"I'm always here Juliet, always. I will always be right where I've always been, outside your window. "
positive,omg omg dougie replied to me. gosh i'm so happy
positive,thanks very much for the follow
positive,works for me
positive,Thank you
positive,"hahahahaha, totally awesome!!!!! You made my life!!!!!!! "
positive,lol  im at work bored beyond belief and feel slightly cut off from the world. Anyone up for textin me? Hit me up if you do.
positive,Good Night World! I see you tomorrow!
positive,cinema and dinner wiff the buddies  simple yet cheap : D x
positive,ya red is also nice but it's too salty for me. i'm a doritos monster b4.
positive,new job? congrats
positive,"Interested to see where this goes! When does the number of partners cross over from 'ok' to 'too many'? Split the middle, 150? "
positive,GEORGIA. is going on my twitter checking it outt
positive,maybe I should include a programmers translation crib-sheet for normal people to understand in my twits
positive,Morning all - just had first cuppa   Hazy sunshine here.
positive,"SLEEPING  nyc all day with hopefully, bbyboyyyy &lt;3 imissyou, 1 more day!"
positive,"Jubilee line to Canning Town, then DLR to Custom House. Takes 20-25mins. "
positive,"Never mind, it was 100% worth it. "
positive,"Today I have to get a washing machine. Even less room in my kitchen to put my stuff. Well, but I need clean clothes "
positive,"I am now going to sleep, tweet ya later "
positive,you're right!
positive,"What's funny is, it's been so long, I don't even remember season 6! "
positive,gonna help with kids outreach this friday! whee!
positive,MMkay? R u the principal on southpark?
positive,Oh wow thats still sucky. Oh well atleast its later! Text me asap tomorrow  goodnight lover of mine
positive,is on his way home after a fun evening.
positive,"New post &quot;Tribalization, Socialized TV &amp; Games: Seriously&quot;  TV 2.0 &amp; Serious Games Pressies "
positive,Pint of Adnams? Glad to see you're taking advantage of Cask Ale Week
positive,"yeah, have used it for converting multiple jpegs to multipage pdf file before too, was fun "
positive,so excited for my eye exam tomorrow.
positive,Just  found all these new pictures from my photo shoot that I had never seen!! yay
positive,"My friend's short story is going to press!  Congrats, Melody!"
positive,oh is that why they closed down to set it up  ya think
positive,Travel section tab all complete and linked in
positive,thanks for the follow
positive,"it's unbelievable, but I somehow managed to write the whole standalone "
positive,well maybe I can help make your life not suck tomorrow  good luck dear
positive,Such a very long day. And again tomorrow...maybe I'll get on a jury next week and be able to take a nice vacation
positive,38 days til graduation! s0 much t0 d0...s0 little time! I'm excited!
positive,"That's easily my favorite season of 24. Logan is a dick, Martha is awesome and so is Pierce! "
positive,"Very cool, Sean thinks so too "
positive,Good luck with your book launch today Lynn - you must feel very proud
positive,I miss my boo thaaaaang
positive,What happens if you're late for TM?  Who's your 'backup' these days?  Or will Fern wing it??
positive,yep  I blame my mate for taking me to see him in Hamlet last year. I wasn't to fussed before then!
positive,home time! Two days to go  Going to walk the puppies if I can be bothered...
positive,"I love my chiro, he's fantastic "
positive,"Your professor is just failing at Plain English Communication, clearly. "
positive,I'm amazed you remember dates like that ! I'm impressed! You are a clued up lad though
positive, dude you didnt even see #house tonight  They made it look like Penn died
positive,Yep!  ...out of curiousity though where did ya get those pics of the ferrari from anyway?
positive,"just woke up to find out that WeenKee, his guinea-pig just delivered two tiny guinea-pigs to world! Now I have to get the names for them "
positive,Supposing you only have Romanian followers.
positive,"OMG! Indian Home minister got a shoe, Like what Bush got last time  - But there is a difference b/w Chidambaram and Bush "
positive,Another day in work and life. Is it a pigeon day today ? or a statue day ? or neither?  hoping for calm neither day i think
positive,"haylie, that is so cute "
positive, come to my house
positive,You should have gotten your e-mail by now...congrats! I want a crochet Chilly to keep my Big Blue company!
positive,going to be  bye bye people!
positive,Thanks!  Hope all is well with you too!
positive,night V! sweet jon dreams. good luck on the test! love and HUGGERS!
positive,"ok, that was follow tonyhawk now, and follow me "
positive,"Give our love to Paul Smith aka "
positive,Just finished Chuck &amp; 24.  Both were good.
positive,haha now thats one I DO know!
positive,Hitting the hay! YAWN! Goodnight!  xoxo
positive,Woke up this morning don't believe what I saw...A hundred million bottles washed up on the shore!!!
positive,"haha, it was Huggies - we believe in the importance of play between parents and children "
positive,woo thanks ron and steeve for following me yeow i have folowerssss  haha  p.s i wanna got to the ellen show
positive,ah. i hear you. hope everything work outs.
positive,Tomorrow/today is my free/lazy day. I'm so happy.  I'm gonna SLEEP like nobody's business and maybe actually WRITE something.
positive,Thanks  =P
positive,  Claudia I hope this works  I'm a tweeter too
positive,helping my dad again with the computer...
positive,Oh so here i am.. and and im bored :| thankyou redbull for letting me drink you on such a short notice  LY redbull + fairys
positive,no doubt   I love the seemingly random stats.  I'm going to have to incorporate that &quot;26%&quot; into a presentation somewhere.
positive,It was a good presentation!  Sluthood does not get talked about much
positive,"Thanks, I'll go with &quot;wake well&quot;  Good night to you!"
positive,Not a problem
positive,just found his iPod!
positive,Hahahaha!!! That's awesome!
positive,thank you
positive,HEY GUYS EVERYONE ADD please and thank you  ... please retweet thank you
positive,  &lt;&lt;&lt; this'll cheer you up
positive,you may need to finish some of it off - can't even look at the thing right now!
positive,and snoring zzzZzzz..
positive,"IM NOT THAT DENSE, I DONT PLAY THAT LOW. "
positive,BITS GOA forces chief warden to resign after a mass revolt lasting 4 hrs....way to go ppl!!!
positive,can't wait to see steph.
positive,almost there!
positive,I just got it! I am super stoked! And Chilly is all your if you want it  woot! Glad I stayed up!
positive,shower.. then i think ill finish another cinderella story.. and then im going outtttt
positive,I am truly honoured
positive,greeting my canadian friend
positive,thanks for the shout out!
positive,
positive,You mean also in NZ and I should just stay at home in the rain?
positive,The day is bright and theres a big presentation to write
positive,"Hope you get your nap, feel better soon and enjoy baby Isobel. BTW, I saw the pic you posted on Flickr and she's gorgeous "
positive,Morning Michael I is good  lol xxx
positive,hi had shared with Jim P we had connected on Twitter.  Let me know if soho can assist.
positive,"now now Steve.. it's not about the numbers... quality, not quantity! "
positive,: Hahaha. Unfortunately not. My lesbian crush is ... Leighton Meester! XD You?
positive,goood morning tom and dougie
positive,Paw pawing my ass off smh...im starting to feel better
positive,working lately on building my web  will appreciate any help or comment
positive,I am wearing my ski socks  nice &amp; warm.
positive,aww that sucks! Glad that put you in a better mood!
positive,you know i'm LMAO at you right now right?  LOL
positive,have a great day/night!!!!
positive,Trying to find more friends to join twitter
positive,Morning Everyone
positive,&quot;drinking the drugs&quot; is a line from a movie I was just kiddin with yah girl!    watch 2:20 u'll get it ;)
positive,Re-reading Avalon High for the nnnntttttthh time!
positive,Mimi!! hi   i love your pic u look good
positive,"Wow...awesome night! Posted my first website!  Small steps, but progress nonetheless."
positive,I think if I click the word &quot;reply&quot; it gives me a new window of what you're replying to. I'll do that now.
positive,all done - check your blog
positive,We know all about crazy bloggers
positive,"My current favourites are Life, House and formerly Boston Legal. I guess I enjoy sarcasm "
positive,Hopefully it won't stop you getting to the studio on time. although you could always do a Terry Wogan and broadcast from your car
positive,yeah sure but its my sister's so take EXTRA gd care
positive,Trying 'xDancer' App By Samir on my cell. Lol! Its seriously fun. Using it on a walk with my Mom. Have to keep moving to hear the music
positive,hope tomorrow is a nice day
positive,"love the uno.  who doesn't?  "
positive,goodnight everyone
positive,"All going according to plan. ...Oh, joy "
positive,Suckered Phil or Larry into the #Sci-Five? Did you guys get a pick-up game going over at the office today?
positive,Because of I've been singing &quot;I'm a little teapot...&quot; for days now.
positive,How's your holy week coming along? Hope I'm not bothering you but do you think we can get the froulala cards this week?
positive,"#iphone #spotify I'm now able to run spotify on my iPhone, through a remote desktop session to my pc using Jaadu RDP. It works "
positive,"For your info, we didn't try the Laksa. I ate the tongseng, chicken lycee, the mango salad n fried shrimp. Was good. I like it "
positive,Another sunny day here in the south of the netherlands
positive,"But now you've got a lot of catching up to do TWEETY was on a roll, hahaha so was D !! And the rest of us ofcourse "
positive,"If the iPhone was being promoted by Bal Thackeray, he would call it KAAYPhone  haaaaaaaaahahahahahah LOLOL"
positive,Thanks.    Appreciate that....
positive,"I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU PULLED THAT OFF!  Good shit, dude!  I SO wish I was there...  Sounds like it went well...  "
positive,Lemme pour u some hot Tea with some honey. Talk to me woman!
positive,So you may just stay outside and wonder how quick the operation is.
positive,is still freezing in Melbourne but the comedy festival is on  #STAtravel
positive,Every bone in my body is aching but it was worth it ...The Prodigy rocked newcastle last night
positive,LOL! Very good point
positive, - aww... mwah  xxxx
positive,"...when a national championship was won, and 87 band members. Welcome to an elite group. Cheers&quot; -Mr. Fuchs's toast to us. go heels "
positive,you should have a vote and i vote yes!!!!! going on broadway would be amazing
positive,you should make a good morning train trip with tea and salty pretzels
positive,"Nah. Obama had UNC as his champ, Izzo should get a $479 billion bonus! "
positive,"Hahaha,maybe Twitter has a conspiracy and are checking all political based tweets "
positive,hey heidi ! i love you and your music ! keep on doing your thing ! much love and support ya bwoi SALMAN !  reply
positive,My son has treated me to a yummy lunch today in Lygon st Carlton ... for my Birthday. Drove me in while on his L's - Lovely surprise
positive,"you too, good luck with the photoshoot, sure youll be fine! "
positive,"Goodnight, can't wait for school in the morning! "
positive,"yes, theeee Target.  it may happen again this week "
positive,There are people we don't like it? They must be very strange people...  re:
positive,"And like that, she was gone! (But at least her hair is natural brown again) "
positive,LMFAO! i put baseball when i ment to put golfball
positive, let me know when and we'll make it happen.
positive,"Ah, Twitter seems to be working again "
positive,you fail at life and all that it holds.
positive,DS parties in the lounge are so much fun!
positive,If a dude can do this I will thank him and shake his hand
positive,Thanks for your Atwood advice - I'll put them on my list.
positive,is no longer concern about that someone.. hehe
positive,"Morning  in the caravan at the mo and its freezing, but last night was classs  today should be awesomee"
positive,I would marry someone if it meant they could stay.
positive,"Neat, I found the answers, Thank you "
positive,Welcome!
positive,"Thanks very much, I appreciate it, and we're the first site on the web with this review "
positive,found it!  listening to blink then going to bed.. xoxo
positive,"Phew, remembered an anniversary card   8 years today!"
positive,"I'm sure many people do, Jeffree. "
positive,"is finally off to bed, made rescue videos and lost sleep.  Rescue me!
positive,Thanks Mick.
positive,I'm so glad you're feeling better *hugs*
positive,hi  I'd love to see a bumper sticker that read &quot;ministers make you scream for god!&quot; ... I'm so going to hell now!
positive,getting ready to go away tomorrow.
positive,Happy Birthday to my wee lil one Michael Patric O'Rourke. He's 1 year old now
positive,my ex boyfriend once blamed me for making the freckles on his skin raise above the surface. he thought I'd done it to him.  i said wtf
positive,"bonjour, Wii is more fun "
positive,Too happy to wash away my grin
positive,excellent tip  Makes wonder what you liked best. Bone's try at manipulating people or Ms. Strawberry *lol
positive,"goodmorning, preparing for conference call with the goal to come up with improvement points for internal cooperation.... come to me ideas "
positive,she makes every everything bad in my life seem ok in just a few words with her gentle voice..
positive,&quot;We'll be a beets cover band&quot;. I would pay money to see that
positive,"Yep, I'm receiving DMs, so at least some of you have no problems with DMs. I, however, cannot send DMs to anyone. Thanks for playing. "
positive,Hi Rhian this is my first post on twitter so hope it works ok. My MBT's r fab - it's a pity I can't wear them 2 work. Hv a good day
positive,:) :) :) :) :)
positive,:-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
positive,:] :] :] :] :]
positive,:d :d :d :d :d
positive,:p :p :p :p :p
positive,;) ;) ;) ;) ;)
positive,;-) ;-) ;-) ;-) ;-)
positive,;] ;] ;] ;] ;]
positive,;p ;p ;p ;p ;p
positive,absolutely love absolutely love absolutely love absolutely love absolutely love
positive,abundant abundant abundant abundant abundant
positive,accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished accomplished
positive,achieving achieving achieving achieving achieving
positive,active active active active active
positive,admirable admirable admirable admirable admirable
positive,admired admired admired admired admired
positive,adorable adorable adorable adorable adorable
positive,adventurous adventurous adventurous adventurous adventurous
positive,affluent affluent affluent affluent affluent
positive,agile agile agile agile agile
positive,agreeable agreeable agreeable agreeable agreeable
positive,alert alert alert alert alert
positive,aligned aligned aligned aligned aligned
positive,alive alive alive alive alive
positive,amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing
positive,amused amused amused amused amused
positive,appealing appealing appealing appealing appealing
positive,appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate appreciate
positive,artistic artistic artistic artistic artistic
positive,astounding astounding astounding astounding astounding
positive,astute astute astute astute astute
positive,attentive attentive attentive attentive attentive
positive,attractive attractive attractive attractive attractive
positive,auspicious auspicious auspicious auspicious auspicious
positive,authentic authentic authentic authentic authentic
positive,awake awake awake awake awake
positive,aware aware aware aware aware
positive,awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome
positive,beaming beaming beaming beaming beaming
positive,beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful
positive,best best best best best
positive,best looking best looking best looking best looking best looking
positive,blessed blessed blessed blessed blessed
positive,bliss bliss bliss bliss bliss
positive,bold bold bold bold bold
positive,brave brave brave brave brave
positive,bright bright bright bright bright
positive,brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant
positive,brisk brisk brisk brisk brisk
positive,buoyant buoyant buoyant buoyant buoyant
positive,calm calm calm calm calm
positive,can help can help can help can help can help
positive,capable capable capable capable capable
positive,centered centered centered centered centered
positive,certain certain certain certain certain
positive,charming charming charming charming charming
positive,cheerful cheerful cheerful cheerful cheerful
positive,clear clear clear clear clear
positive,clearly superior clearly superior clearly superior clearly superior clearly superior
positive,clever clever clever clever clever
positive,come on come on come on come on come on
positive,comeback comeback comeback comeback comeback
positive,comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable comfortable
positive,competent competent competent competent competent
positive,complete complete complete complete complete
positive,confident confident confident confident confident
positive,congrats congrats congrats congrats congrats
positive,congratulation congratulation congratulation congratulation congratulation
positive,connected connected connected connected connected
positive,conscious conscious conscious conscious conscious
positive,considerate considerate considerate considerate considerate
positive,convenient convenient convenient convenient convenient
positive,cool cool cool cool cool
positive,cooperative cooperative cooperative cooperative cooperative
positive,courageous courageous courageous courageous courageous
positive,creative creative creative creative creative
positive,cute cute cute cute cute
positive,damn good damn good damn good damn good damn good
positive,daring daring daring daring daring
positive,dazzling dazzling dazzling dazzling dazzling
positive,delicious delicious delicious delicious delicious
positive,delightful delightful delightful delightful delightful
positive,desirable desirable desirable desirable desirable
positive,determined determined determined determined determined
positive,diligent diligent diligent diligent diligent
positive,discerning discerning discerning discerning discerning
positive,discover discover discover discover discover
positive,dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic dynamic
positive,eager eager eager eager eager
positive,easy easy easy easy easy
positive,efficient efficient efficient efficient efficient
positive,effortless effortless effortless effortless effortless
positive,elated elated elated elated elated
positive,elegant elegant elegant elegant elegant
positive,eloquent eloquent eloquent eloquent eloquent
positive,enchanting enchanting enchanting enchanting enchanting
positive,encouraging encouraging encouraging encouraging encouraging
positive,endless endless endless endless endless
positive,endorse endorse endorse endorse endorse
positive,energetic energetic energetic energetic energetic
positive,engaging engaging engaging engaging engaging
positive,enhancing enhancing enhancing enhancing enhancing
positive,enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous
positive,enterprising enterprising enterprising enterprising enterprising
positive,enthusiastic enthusiastic enthusiastic enthusiastic enthusiastic
positive,enticing enticing enticing enticing enticing
positive,epic flail epic flail epic flail epic flail epic flail
positive,excellent excellent excellent excellent excellent
positive,exceptional exceptional exceptional exceptional exceptional
positive,excited excited excited excited excited
positive,exciting exciting exciting exciting exciting
positive,experienced experienced experienced experienced experienced
positive,exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite
positive,exuberant exuberant exuberant exuberant exuberant
positive,fabulous fabulous fabulous fabulous fabulous
positive,fail fail fail fail fail
positive,fair fair fair fair fair
positive,faithful faithful faithful faithful faithful
positive,fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic fantastic
positive,far-sighted far-sighted far-sighted far-sighted far-sighted
positive,fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating fascinating
positive,fine fine fine fine fine
positive,flail flail flail flail flail
positive,flattering flattering flattering flattering flattering
positive,flourishing flourishing flourishing flourishing flourishing
positive,fortunate fortunate fortunate fortunate fortunate
positive,free free free free free
positive,frickin ruled frickin ruled frickin ruled frickin ruled frickin ruled
positive,frickin rules frickin rules frickin rules frickin rules frickin rules
positive,friendly friendly friendly friendly friendly
positive,ftw ftw ftw ftw ftw
positive,fulfilled fulfilled fulfilled fulfilled fulfilled
positive,fun fun fun fun fun
positive,funny funny funny funny funny
positive,generous generous generous generous generous
positive,gentle gentle gentle gentle gentle
positive,genuine genuine genuine genuine genuine
positive,gifted gifted gifted gifted gifted
positive,glad glad glad glad glad
positive,glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious
positive,glowing glowing glowing glowing glowing
positive,good good good good good
positive,good luck good luck good luck good luck good luck
positive,good thing good thing good thing good thing good thing
positive,good-looking good-looking good-looking good-looking good-looking
positive,gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous
positive,graceful graceful graceful graceful graceful
positive,gracious gracious gracious gracious gracious
positive,grand grand grand grand grand
positive,great great great great great
positive,gtd gtd gtd gtd gtd
positive,handsome handsome handsome handsome handsome
positive,happy happy happy happy happy
positive,hardy hardy hardy hardy hardy
positive,harmonious harmonious harmonious harmonious harmonious
positive,hawt hawt hawt hawt hawt
positive,hawtness hawtness hawtness hawtness hawtness
positive,healed healed healed healed healed
positive,healthy healthy healthy healthy healthy
positive,helpful helpful helpful helpful helpful
positive,high high high high high
positive,highly positive highly positive highly positive highly positive highly positive
positive,hilarious hilarious hilarious hilarious hilarious
positive,honest honest honest honest honest
positive,humorous humorous humorous humorous humorous
positive,i like i like i like i like i like
positive,i want i want i want i want i want
positive,ideal ideal ideal ideal ideal
positive,imaginative imaginative imaginative imaginative imaginative
positive,impressive impressive impressive impressive impressive
positive,imrpessive imrpessive imrpessive imrpessive imrpessive
positive,incredible incredible incredible incredible incredible
positive,industrious industrious industrious industrious industrious
positive,ingenious ingenious ingenious ingenious ingenious
positive,innovative innovative innovative innovative innovative
positive,inspired inspired inspired inspired inspired
positive,integrate integrate integrate integrate integrate
positive,intellectual vigor intellectual vigor intellectual vigor intellectual vigor intellectual vigor
positive,intelligent intelligent intelligent intelligent intelligent
positive,interested interested interested interested interested
positive,interesting interesting interesting interesting interesting
positive,intuitive intuitive intuitive intuitive intuitive
positive,inventive inventive inventive inventive inventive
positive,invincible invincible invincible invincible invincible
positive,inviting inviting inviting inviting inviting
positive,irresistible irresistible irresistible irresistible irresistible
positive,is the best is the best is the best is the best is the best
positive,jolly jolly jolly jolly jolly
positive,joyous joyous joyous joyous joyous
positive,judicious judicious judicious judicious judicious
positive,keen keen keen keen keen
positive,kind kind kind kind kind
positive,kinda impressed kinda impressed kinda impressed kinda impressed kinda impressed
positive,knowing knowing knowing knowing knowing
positive,leaning towards leaning towards leaning towards leaning towards leaning towards
positive,life saver life saver life saver life saver life saver
positive,liked it liked it liked it liked it liked it
positive,limitless limitless limitless limitless limitless
positive,lively lively lively lively lively
positive,lol lol lol lol lol
positive,looking forward to looking forward to looking forward to looking forward to looking forward to
positive,love love love love love
positive,love it love it love it love it love it
positive,lovely lovely lovely lovely lovely
positive,loves it loves it loves it loves it loves it
positive,loving loving loving loving loving
positive,lucky lucky lucky lucky lucky
positive,luminous luminous luminous luminous luminous
positive,magical magical magical magical magical
positive,magnificent magnificent magnificent magnificent magnificent
positive,make a difference make a difference make a difference make a difference make a difference
positive,marvellous marvellous marvellous marvellous marvellous
positive,masterful masterful masterful masterful masterful
positive,mighty mighty mighty mighty mighty
positive,miraculous miraculous miraculous miraculous miraculous
positive,motivated motivated motivated motivated motivated
positive,moves me moves me moves me moves me moves me
positive,my hero my hero my hero my hero my hero
positive,natural natural natural natural natural
positive,neat neat neat neat neat
positive,nice nice nice nice nice
positive,nicely nicely nicely nicely nicely
positive,noble noble noble noble noble
positive,not suck not suck not suck not suck not suck
positive,nurturing nurturing nurturing nurturing nurturing
positive,obedient obedient obedient obedient obedient
positive,ok ok ok ok ok
positive,optimistic optimistic optimistic optimistic optimistic
positive,outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding outstanding
positive,passionate passionate passionate passionate passionate
positive,peaceful peaceful peaceful peaceful peaceful
positive,perfect perfect perfect perfect perfect
positive,persevering persevering persevering persevering persevering
positive,persistent persistent persistent persistent persistent
positive,piece of cake piece of cake piece of cake piece of cake piece of cake
positive,playful playful playful playful playful
positive,pleasant pleasant pleasant pleasant pleasant
positive,pleasantly pleasantly pleasantly pleasantly pleasantly
positive,pleasantly surprised pleasantly surprised pleasantly surprised pleasantly surprised pleasantly surprised
positive,pleasing pleasing pleasing pleasing pleasing
positive,plentiful plentiful plentiful plentiful plentiful
positive,plus plus plus plus plus
positive,positive positive positive positive positive
positive,powerful powerful powerful powerful powerful
positive,precious precious precious precious precious
positive,prepared prepared prepared prepared prepared
positive,pretty good pretty good pretty good pretty good pretty good
positive,productive productive productive productive productive
positive,profound profound profound profound profound
positive,prompt prompt prompt prompt prompt
positive,prop prop prop prop prop
positive,props props props props props
positive,prosperous prosperous prosperous prosperous prosperous
positive,proud proud proud proud proud
positive,pumped pumped pumped pumped pumped
positive,qualified qualified qualified qualified qualified
positive,quick quick quick quick quick
positive,quite amazing quite amazing quite amazing quite amazing quite amazing
positive,radiant radiant radiant radiant radiant
positive,rally rally rally rally rally
positive,really like really like really like really like really like
positive,really love really love really love really love really love
positive,really neat really neat really neat really neat really neat
positive,reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable
positive,recommend recommend recommend recommend recommend
positive,refined refined refined refined refined
positive,refreshing refreshing refreshing refreshing refreshing
positive,relaxing relaxing relaxing relaxing relaxing
positive,reliable reliable reliable reliable reliable
positive,relieved relieved relieved relieved relieved
positive,remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable
positive,resolute resolute resolute resolute resolute
positive,resourceful resourceful resourceful resourceful resourceful
positive,respected respected respected respected respected
positive,responsive responsive responsive responsive responsive
positive,rewarding rewarding rewarding rewarding rewarding
positive,robust robust robust robust robust
positive,rocks rocks rocks rocks rocks
positive,safe safe safe safe safe
positive,satisfied satisfied satisfied satisfied satisfied
positive,secure secure secure secure secure
positive,seductive seductive seductive seductive seductive
positive,self-reliant self-reliant self-reliant self-reliant self-reliant
positive,sensational sensational sensational sensational sensational
positive,sensible sensible sensible sensible sensible
positive,sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive
positive,serene serene serene serene serene
positive,sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing
positive,silly silly silly silly silly
positive,skilful skilful skilful skilful skilful
positive,smart smart smart smart smart
positive,smashing smashing smashing smashing smashing
positive,smiling smiling smiling smiling smiling
positive,smooth smooth smooth smooth smooth
positive,so cool so cool so cool so cool so cool
positive,so great so great so great so great so great
positive,so proud so proud so proud so proud so proud
positive,sparkling sparkling sparkling sparkling sparkling
positive,spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual spiritual
positive,splendid splendid splendid splendid splendid
positive,strong strong strong strong strong
positive,stunning stunning stunning stunning stunning
positive,successful successful successful successful successful
positive,super super super super super
positive,superb superb superb superb superb
positive,superior superior superior superior superior
positive,surprised surprised surprised surprised surprised
positive,swift swift swift swift swift
positive,talented talented talented talented talented
positive,tenacious tenacious tenacious tenacious tenacious
positive,terrific terrific terrific terrific terrific
positive,thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you
positive,thankful thankful thankful thankful thankful
positive,thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks
positive,thanks! thanks! thanks! thanks! thanks!
positive,the best the best the best the best the best
positive,thks thks thks thks thks
positive,thoughtful thoughtful thoughtful thoughtful thoughtful
positive,thrilling thrilling thrilling thrilling thrilling
positive,thriving thriving thriving thriving thriving
positive,thx thx thx thx thx
positive,timely timely timely timely timely
positive,trusting trusting trusting trusting trusting
positive,truthful truthful truthful truthful truthful
positive,ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate ultimate
positive,unique unique unique unique unique
positive,valiant valiant valiant valiant valiant
positive,valuable valuable valuable valuable valuable
positive,versatile versatile versatile versatile versatile
positive,very cool very cool very cool very cool very cool
positive,very exceptional very exceptional very exceptional very exceptional very exceptional
positive,very quickly very quickly very quickly very quickly very quickly
positive,vibrant vibrant vibrant vibrant vibrant
positive,victorious victorious victorious victorious victorious
positive,vigorous vigorous vigorous vigorous vigorous
positive,vivacious vivacious vivacious vivacious vivacious
positive,vivid vivid vivid vivid vivid
positive,voting for voting for voting for voting for voting for
positive,w00t w00t w00t w00t w00t
positive,warm warm warm warm warm
positive,way to go way to go way to go way to go way to go
positive,wealthy wealthy wealthy wealthy wealthy
positive,well well well well well
positive,whole whole whole whole whole
positive,wise wise wise wise wise
positive,witty witty witty witty witty
positive,wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful wonderful
positive,woo woo woo woo woo
positive,woot woot woot woot woot
positive,worthy worthy worthy worthy worthy
positive,would love would love would love would love would love
positive,would recommend would recommend would recommend would recommend would recommend
positive,wowsers wowsers wowsers wowsers wowsers
positive,yay yay yay yay yay
positive,young young young young young
positive,youthful youthful youthful youthful youthful
positive,yum yum yum yum yum
positive,yummy yummy yummy yummy yummy
positive,zany zany zany zany zany
positive,zeal zeal zeal zeal zeal
positive,zealous zealous zealous zealous zealous
positive,zest zest zest zest zest
negative,:( :( :( :( :(
negative,:-( :-( :-( :-( :-(
negative,abandoned abandoned abandoned abandoned abandoned
negative,abeled abeled abeled abeled abeled
negative,abused abused abused abused abused
negative,accused accused accused accused accused
negative,addicted addicted addicted addicted addicted
negative,afraid afraid afraid afraid afraid
negative,aggravated aggravated aggravated aggravated aggravated
negative,aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive aggressive
negative,alone alone alone alone alone
negative,an issue an issue an issue an issue an issue
negative,angered angered angered angered angered
negative,angry angry angry angry angry
negative,anguish anguish anguish anguish anguish
negative,annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed annoyed
negative,annoying annoying annoying annoying annoying
negative,anooying anooying anooying anooying anooying
negative,anti anti anti anti anti
negative,anti-women anti-women anti-women anti-women anti-women
negative,anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety anxiety
negative,anxious anxious anxious anxious anxious
negative,apprehensive apprehensive apprehensive apprehensive apprehensive
negative,aren't aren't aren't aren't aren't
negative,argumentative argumentative argumentative argumentative argumentative
negative,arrogant arrogant arrogant arrogant arrogant
negative,artificial artificial artificial artificial artificial
negative,ashamed ashamed ashamed ashamed ashamed
negative,assaulted assaulted assaulted assaulted assaulted
negative,at a loss at a loss at a loss at a loss at a loss
negative,at risk at risk at risk at risk at risk
negative,atrocious atrocious atrocious atrocious atrocious
negative,attacked attacked attacked attacked attacked
negative,avoided avoided avoided avoided avoided
negative,awful awful awful awful awful
negative,awkward awkward awkward awkward awkward
negative,bad bad bad bad bad
negative,bad quality bad quality bad quality bad quality bad quality
negative,badgered badgered badgered badgered badgered
negative,baffled baffled baffled baffled baffled
negative,banned banned banned banned banned
negative,barren barren barren barren barren
negative,beat beat beat beat beat
negative,beaten down beaten down beaten down beaten down beaten down
negative,belittled belittled belittled belittled belittled
negative,berated berated berated berated berated
negative,betrayed betrayed betrayed betrayed betrayed
negative,bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered bewildered
negative,bitched at bitched at bitched at bitched at bitched at
negative,bitter bitter bitter bitter bitter
negative,bizzare bizzare bizzare bizzare bizzare
negative,blacklisted blacklisted blacklisted blacklisted blacklisted
negative,blackmailed blackmailed blackmailed blackmailed blackmailed
negative,blamed blamed blamed blamed blamed
negative,bleak bleak bleak bleak bleak
negative,blown away blown away blown away blown away blown away
negative,blues blues blues blues blues
negative,blur blur blur blur blur
negative,bored bored bored bored bored
negative,boring boring boring boring boring
negative,bossed-around bossed-around bossed-around bossed-around bossed-around
negative,bothered bothered bothered bothered bothered
negative,bothersome bothersome bothersome bothersome bothersome
negative,bounded bounded bounded bounded bounded
negative,boxed-in boxed-in boxed-in boxed-in boxed-in
negative,brainwashed brainwashed brainwashed brainwashed brainwashed
negative,broken broken broken broken broken
negative,bruised bruised bruised bruised bruised
negative,brushed-off brushed-off brushed-off brushed-off brushed-off
negative,bugged bugged bugged bugged bugged
negative,buggy buggy buggy buggy buggy
negative,bullied bullied bullied bullied bullied
negative,bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit bullshit
negative,bummed bummed bummed bummed bummed
negative,bummed out bummed out bummed out bummed out bummed out
negative,burdened burdened burdened burdened burdened
negative,burdensome burdensome burdensome burdensome burdensome
negative,burned burned burned burned burned
negative,burned-out burned-out burned-out burned-out burned-out
negative,caged in caged in caged in caged in caged in
negative,can't send can't send can't send can't send can't send
negative,careless careless careless careless careless
negative,chaotic chaotic chaotic chaotic chaotic
negative,chased chased chased chased chased
negative,cheated cheated cheated cheated cheated
negative,cheated on cheated on cheated on cheated on cheated on
negative,chicken chicken chicken chicken chicken
negative,claustrophobic claustrophobic claustrophobic claustrophobic claustrophobic
negative,clingy clingy clingy clingy clingy
negative,closed closed closed closed closed
negative,clueless clueless clueless clueless clueless
negative,clumsy clumsy clumsy clumsy clumsy
negative,coaxed coaxed coaxed coaxed coaxed
negative,codependent codependent codependent codependent codependent
negative,coerced coerced coerced coerced coerced
negative,cold cold cold cold cold
negative,cold-hearted cold-hearted cold-hearted cold-hearted cold-hearted
negative,combative combative combative combative combative
negative,commanded commanded commanded commanded commanded
negative,commie commie commie commie commie
negative,communist communist communist communist communist
negative,compared compared compared compared compared
negative,competitive competitive competitive competitive competitive
negative,completely wrong completely wrong completely wrong completely wrong completely wrong
negative,compulsive compulsive compulsive compulsive compulsive
negative,conceited conceited conceited conceited conceited
negative,concerned concerned concerned concerned concerned
negative,condemned condemned condemned condemned condemned
negative,condescended to condescended to condescended to condescended to condescended to
negative,confined confined confined confined confined
negative,conflicted conflicted conflicted conflicted conflicted
negative,confronted confronted confronted confronted confronted
negative,confused confused confused confused confused
negative,conned conned conned conned conned
negative,consumed consumed consumed consumed consumed
negative,contemplative contemplative contemplative contemplative contemplative
negative,contempt contempt contempt contempt contempt
negative,contentious contentious contentious contentious contentious
negative,controlled controlled controlled controlled controlled
negative,convicted convicted convicted convicted convicted
negative,cornered cornered cornered cornered cornered
negative,corralled corralled corralled corralled corralled
negative,cowardly cowardly cowardly cowardly cowardly
negative,crabby crabby crabby crabby crabby
negative,cramped cramped cramped cramped cramped
negative,cranky cranky cranky cranky cranky
negative,crap crap crap crap crap
negative,crappy crappy crappy crappy crappy
negative,crazy crazy crazy crazy crazy
negative,creeped out creeped out creeped out creeped out creeped out
negative,creepy creepy creepy creepy creepy
negative,critical critical critical critical critical
negative,criticized criticized criticized criticized criticized
negative,cross cross cross cross cross
negative,crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded
negative,cruddy cruddy cruddy cruddy cruddy
negative,cruel cruel cruel cruel cruel
negative,crummy crummy crummy crummy crummy
negative,crushed crushed crushed crushed crushed
negative,cut-down cut-down cut-down cut-down cut-down
negative,cut-off cut-off cut-off cut-off cut-off
negative,cynical cynical cynical cynical cynical
negative,damaged damaged damaged damaged damaged
negative,damn damn damn damn damn
negative,damned damned damned damned damned
negative,dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous dangerous
negative,dark dark dark dark dark
negative,dazed dazed dazed dazed dazed
negative,dead dead dead dead dead
negative,deceived deceived deceived deceived deceived
negative,deep deep deep deep deep
negative,defamed defamed defamed defamed defamed
negative,defeated defeated defeated defeated defeated
negative,defective defective defective defective defective
negative,defenseless defenseless defenseless defenseless defenseless
negative,defensive defensive defensive defensive defensive
negative,defiant defiant defiant defiant defiant
negative,deficient deficient deficient deficient deficient
negative,deflated deflated deflated deflated deflated
negative,degraded degraded degraded degraded degraded
negative,dehumanized dehumanized dehumanized dehumanized dehumanized
negative,dejected dejected dejected dejected dejected
negative,delicate delicate delicate delicate delicate
negative,deluded deluded deluded deluded deluded
negative,demanding demanding demanding demanding demanding
negative,demeaned demeaned demeaned demeaned demeaned
negative,demented demented demented demented demented
negative,demoralized demoralized demoralized demoralized demoralized
negative,demotivated demotivated demotivated demotivated demotivated
negative,dependent dependent dependent dependent dependent
negative,depleted depleted depleted depleted depleted
negative,depraved depraved depraved depraved depraved
negative,depressed depressed depressed depressed depressed
negative,deprived deprived deprived deprived deprived
negative,deserted deserted deserted deserted deserted
negative,deserving of pain deserving of pain deserving of pain deserving of pain deserving of pain
negative,deserving of punishment deserving of punishment deserving of punishment deserving of punishment deserving of punishment
negative,desolate desolate desolate desolate desolate
negative,despair despair despair despair despair
negative,despairing despairing despairing despairing despairing
negative,desperate desperate desperate desperate desperate
negative,despicable despicable despicable despicable despicable
negative,despise despise despise despise despise
negative,despised despised despised despised despised
negative,destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed destroyed
negative,destructive destructive destructive destructive destructive
negative,detached detached detached detached detached
negative,detest detest detest detest detest
negative,detestable detestable detestable detestable detestable
negative,detested detested detested detested detested
negative,devalued devalued devalued devalued devalued
negative,devastated devastated devastated devastated devastated
negative,deviant deviant deviant deviant deviant
negative,devoid devoid devoid devoid devoid
negative,diagnosed diagnosed diagnosed diagnosed diagnosed
negative,dictated to dictated to dictated to dictated to dictated to
negative,didn't last didn't last didn't last didn't last didn't last
negative,different different different different different
negative,difficult difficult difficult difficult difficult
negative,directionless directionless directionless directionless directionless
negative,dirty dirty dirty dirty dirty
negative,disabled disabled disabled disabled disabled
negative,disagreeable disagreeable disagreeable disagreeable disagreeable
negative,disappointed disappointed disappointed disappointed disappointed
negative,disappointing disappointing disappointing disappointing disappointing
negative,disapproved of disapproved of disapproved of disapproved of disapproved of
negative,disbelieved disbelieved disbelieved disbelieved disbelieved
negative,discardable discardable discardable discardable discardable
negative,discarded discarded discarded discarded discarded
negative,disconnected disconnected disconnected disconnected disconnected
negative,discontent discontent discontent discontent discontent
negative,discouraged discouraged discouraged discouraged discouraged
negative,discriminated discriminated discriminated discriminated discriminated
negative,disdain disdain disdain disdain disdain
negative,disdainful disdainful disdainful disdainful disdainful
negative,disempowered disempowered disempowered disempowered disempowered
negative,disenchanted disenchanted disenchanted disenchanted disenchanted
negative,disgraced disgraced disgraced disgraced disgraced
negative,disgruntled disgruntled disgruntled disgruntled disgruntled
negative,disgust disgust disgust disgust disgust
negative,disgusted disgusted disgusted disgusted disgusted
negative,disheartened disheartened disheartened disheartened disheartened
negative,dishonest dishonest dishonest dishonest dishonest
negative,dishonorable dishonorable dishonorable dishonorable dishonorable
negative,disillusioned disillusioned disillusioned disillusioned disillusioned
negative,dislike dislike dislike dislike dislike
negative,disliked disliked disliked disliked disliked
negative,dismal dismal dismal dismal dismal
negative,dismayed dismayed dismayed dismayed dismayed
negative,disorganized disorganized disorganized disorganized disorganized
negative,disoriented disoriented disoriented disoriented disoriented
negative,disowned disowned disowned disowned disowned
negative,displeased displeased displeased displeased displeased
negative,disposable disposable disposable disposable disposable
negative,disregarded disregarded disregarded disregarded disregarded
negative,disrespected disrespected disrespected disrespected disrespected
negative,dissapointing dissapointing dissapointing dissapointing dissapointing
negative,dissatisfied dissatisfied dissatisfied dissatisfied dissatisfied
negative,distant distant distant distant distant
negative,distracted distracted distracted distracted distracted
negative,distraught distraught distraught distraught distraught
negative,distressed distressed distressed distressed distressed
negative,disturbed disturbed disturbed disturbed disturbed
negative,dizzy dizzy dizzy dizzy dizzy
negative,doesn't recommend doesn't recommend doesn't recommend doesn't recommend doesn't recommend
negative,dominated dominated dominated dominated dominated
negative,don't like don't like don't like don't like don't like
negative,don't support don't support don't support don't support don't support
negative,doomed doomed doomed doomed doomed
negative,double-crossed double-crossed double-crossed double-crossed double-crossed
negative,doubted doubted doubted doubted doubted
negative,doubtful doubtful doubtful doubtful doubtful
negative,down down down down down
negative,down and out down and out down and out down and out down and out
negative,down in the dumps down in the dumps down in the dumps down in the dumps down in the dumps
negative,downhearted downhearted downhearted downhearted downhearted
negative,downtrodden downtrodden downtrodden downtrodden downtrodden
negative,drained drained drained drained drained
negative,dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic dramatic
negative,dread dread dread dread dread
negative,dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful dreadful
negative,dreary dreary dreary dreary dreary
negative,drop dead drop dead drop dead drop dead drop dead
negative,dropped dropped dropped dropped dropped
negative,drunk drunk drunk drunk drunk
negative,dry dry dry dry dry
negative,duh duh duh duh duh
negative,dull dull dull dull dull
negative,dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb
negative,dumbfounding dumbfounding dumbfounding dumbfounding dumbfounding
negative,dumbifying dumbifying dumbifying dumbifying dumbifying
negative,dumped dumped dumped dumped dumped
negative,dumped on dumped on dumped on dumped on dumped on
negative,duped duped duped duped duped
negative,duplicity duplicity duplicity duplicity duplicity
negative,edgy edgy edgy edgy edgy
negative,egocentric egocentric egocentric egocentric egocentric
negative,egotistic egotistic egotistic egotistic egotistic
negative,egotistical egotistical egotistical egotistical egotistical
negative,elusive elusive elusive elusive elusive
negative,emancipated emancipated emancipated emancipated emancipated
negative,emasculated emasculated emasculated emasculated emasculated
negative,embarrassed embarrassed embarrassed embarrassed embarrassed
negative,emotional emotional emotional emotional emotional
negative,emotionally bankrupt emotionally bankrupt emotionally bankrupt emotionally bankrupt emotionally bankrupt
negative,emotionless emotionless emotionless emotionless emotionless
negative,empty empty empty empty empty
negative,encumbered encumbered encumbered encumbered encumbered
negative,endangered endangered endangered endangered endangered
negative,enraged enraged enraged enraged enraged
negative,enslaved enslaved enslaved enslaved enslaved
negative,entangled entangled entangled entangled entangled
negative,envious envious envious envious envious
negative,evaded evaded evaded evaded evaded
negative,evasive evasive evasive evasive evasive
negative,evicted evicted evicted evicted evicted
negative,evil evil evil evil evil
negative,excessive excessive excessive excessive excessive
negative,excluded excluded excluded excluded excluded
negative,exhausted exhausted exhausted exhausted exhausted
negative,expensive expensive expensive expensive expensive
negative,exploited exploited exploited exploited exploited
negative,exposed exposed exposed exposed exposed
negative,fail fail fail fail fail
negative,failful failful failful failful failful
negative,failing failing failing failing failing
negative,fake fake fake fake fake
negative,fallen fallen fallen fallen fallen
negative,fallen behind fallen behind fallen behind fallen behind fallen behind
negative,fallen way behind fallen way behind fallen way behind fallen way behind fallen way behind
negative,false false false false false
negative,fear fear fear fear fear
negative,fearful fearful fearful fearful fearful
negative,fed up fed up fed up fed up fed up
negative,fierce fierce fierce fierce fierce
negative,flailing flailing flailing flailing flailing
negative,flawed flawed flawed flawed flawed
negative,flipped-out flipped-out flipped-out flipped-out flipped-out
negative,foolish foolish foolish foolish foolish
negative,forced forced forced forced forced
negative,forgetful forgetful forgetful forgetful forgetful
negative,forgettable forgettable forgettable forgettable forgettable
negative,forgotten forgotten forgotten forgotten forgotten
negative,fragile fragile fragile fragile fragile
negative,frantic frantic frantic frantic frantic
negative,freaked out freaked out freaked out freaked out freaked out
negative,frickin frickin frickin frickin frickin
negative,frightened frightened frightened frightened frightened
negative,frigid frigid frigid frigid frigid
negative,frothing frothing frothing frothing frothing
negative,frustrated frustrated frustrated frustrated frustrated
negative,ftl ftl ftl ftl ftl
negative,fucking up fucking up fucking up fucking up fucking up
negative,fuming fuming fuming fuming fuming
negative,fuming and frothing fuming and frothing fuming and frothing fuming and frothing fuming and frothing
negative,furious furious furious furious furious
negative,get killed by get killed by get killed by get killed by get killed by
negative,gloomy gloomy gloomy gloomy gloomy
negative,glum glum glum glum glum
negative,got killed by got killed by got killed by got killed by got killed by
negative,gothic gothic gothic gothic gothic
negative,grey grey grey grey grey
negative,grief grief grief grief grief
negative,grieving grieving grieving grieving grieving
negative,grim grim grim grim grim
negative,gross gross gross gross gross
negative,grossed-out grossed-out grossed-out grossed-out grossed-out
negative,grotesque grotesque grotesque grotesque grotesque
negative,grouchy grouchy grouchy grouchy grouchy
negative,grounded grounded grounded grounded grounded
negative,grumpy grumpy grumpy grumpy grumpy
negative,guilt-tripped guilt-tripped guilt-tripped guilt-tripped guilt-tripped
negative,guilty guilty guilty guilty guilty
negative,harassed harassed harassed harassed harassed
negative,hard hard hard hard hard
negative,hard-hearted hard-hearted hard-hearted hard-hearted hard-hearted
negative,harmed harmed harmed harmed harmed
negative,hassled hassled hassled hassled hassled
negative,hate hate hate hate hate
negative,hated us hated us hated us hated us hated us
negative,hateful hateful hateful hateful hateful
negative,hatred hatred hatred hatred hatred
negative,haunted haunted haunted haunted haunted
negative,headache headache headache headache headache
negative,heartbroken heartbroken heartbroken heartbroken heartbroken
negative,heartless heartless heartless heartless heartless
negative,heavy heavy heavy heavy heavy
negative,heavy-hearted heavy-hearted heavy-hearted heavy-hearted heavy-hearted
negative,helpless helpless helpless helpless helpless
negative,hesitant hesitant hesitant hesitant hesitant
negative,hideous hideous hideous hideous hideous
negative,hindered hindered hindered hindered hindered
negative,hindrance hindrance hindrance hindrance hindrance
negative,homeless homeless homeless homeless homeless
negative,hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless hopeless
negative,horrible horrible horrible horrible horrible
negative,horrified horrified horrified horrified horrified
negative,horrifying horrifying horrifying horrifying horrifying
negative,horror horror horror horror horror
negative,hostile hostile hostile hostile hostile
negative,hot-tempered hot-tempered hot-tempered hot-tempered hot-tempered
negative,humiliated humiliated humiliated humiliated humiliated
negative,hung over hung over hung over hung over hung over
negative,hung up hung up hung up hung up hung up
negative,hungry hungry hungry hungry hungry
negative,hunker down hunker down hunker down hunker down hunker down
negative,hurried hurried hurried hurried hurried
negative,hurt hurt hurt hurt hurt
negative,hypocrisy hypocrisy hypocrisy hypocrisy hypocrisy
negative,hysterical hysterical hysterical hysterical hysterical
negative,i hate i hate i hate i hate i hate
negative,idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic idiotic
negative,ignorant ignorant ignorant ignorant ignorant
negative,ignored ignored ignored ignored ignored
negative,ill ill ill ill ill
negative,ill-tempered ill-tempered ill-tempered ill-tempered ill-tempered
negative,imbalanced imbalanced imbalanced imbalanced imbalanced
negative,imposed-upon imposed-upon imposed-upon imposed-upon imposed-upon
negative,impotent impotent impotent impotent impotent
negative,imprisoned imprisoned imprisoned imprisoned imprisoned
negative,impulsive impulsive impulsive impulsive impulsive
negative,in a bad way in a bad way in a bad way in a bad way in a bad way
negative,in the dumps in the dumps in the dumps in the dumps in the dumps
negative,in the way in the way in the way in the way in the way
negative,inactive inactive inactive inactive inactive
negative,inadequate inadequate inadequate inadequate inadequate
negative,incapable incapable incapable incapable incapable
negative,incommunicative incommunicative incommunicative incommunicative incommunicative
negative,incompatible incompatible incompatible incompatible incompatible
negative,incompetent incompetent incompetent incompetent incompetent
negative,incomplete incomplete incomplete incomplete incomplete
negative,incorrect incorrect incorrect incorrect incorrect
negative,indecisive indecisive indecisive indecisive indecisive
negative,indifferent indifferent indifferent indifferent indifferent
negative,indoctrinated indoctrinated indoctrinated indoctrinated indoctrinated
negative,inebriated inebriated inebriated inebriated inebriated
negative,ineffective ineffective ineffective ineffective ineffective
negative,inefficient inefficient inefficient inefficient inefficient
negative,inferior inferior inferior inferior inferior
negative,infuriated infuriated infuriated infuriated infuriated
negative,inhibited inhibited inhibited inhibited inhibited
negative,inhumane inhumane inhumane inhumane inhumane
negative,injured injured injured injured injured
negative,injusticed injusticed injusticed injusticed injusticed
negative,insane insane insane insane insane
negative,insecure insecure insecure insecure insecure
negative,insignificant insignificant insignificant insignificant insignificant
negative,insincere insincere insincere insincere insincere
negative,insufficient insufficient insufficient insufficient insufficient
negative,insulted insulted insulted insulted insulted
negative,intense intense intense intense intense
negative,interrogated interrogated interrogated interrogated interrogated
negative,interrupted interrupted interrupted interrupted interrupted
negative,intimidated intimidated intimidated intimidated intimidated
negative,intoxicated intoxicated intoxicated intoxicated intoxicated
negative,invalidated invalidated invalidated invalidated invalidated
negative,invisible invisible invisible invisible invisible
negative,irrational irrational irrational irrational irrational
negative,irritable irritable irritable irritable irritable
negative,irritated irritated irritated irritated irritated
negative,irritating irritating irritating irritating irritating
negative,is a fool is a fool is a fool is a fool is a fool
negative,is great until is great until is great until is great until is great until
negative,isolated isolated isolated isolated isolated
negative,itchy itchy itchy itchy itchy
negative,jaded jaded jaded jaded jaded
negative,jealous jealous jealous jealous jealous
negative,jerk jerk jerk jerk jerk
negative,jerked around jerked around jerked around jerked around jerked around
negative,jittery jittery jittery jittery jittery
negative,joyless joyless joyless joyless joyless
negative,judged judged judged judged judged
negative,kept apart kept apart kept apart kept apart kept apart
negative,kept away kept away kept away kept away kept away
negative,kept in kept in kept in kept in kept in
negative,kept out kept out kept out kept out kept out
negative,kept quiet kept quiet kept quiet kept quiet kept quiet
negative,knee jerk knee jerk knee jerk knee jerk knee jerk
negative,lame lame lame lame lame
negative,laughable laughable laughable laughable laughable
negative,laughed at laughed at laughed at laughed at laughed at
negative,lazy lazy lazy lazy lazy
negative,leaned on leaned on leaned on leaned on leaned on
negative,lectured to lectured to lectured to lectured to lectured to
negative,left out left out left out left out left out
negative,let down let down let down let down let down
negative,lied about lied about lied about lied about lied about
negative,lied to lied to lied to lied to lied to
negative,limited limited limited limited limited
negative,little little little little little
negative,lonely lonely lonely lonely lonely
negative,lonesome lonesome lonesome lonesome lonesome
negative,longing longing longing longing longing
negative,lose lose lose lose lose
negative,lost lost lost lost lost
negative,lousy lousy lousy lousy lousy
negative,loveless loveless loveless loveless loveless
negative,low low low low low
negative,lying lying lying lying lying
negative,mad mad mad mad mad
negative,made fun of made fun of made fun of made fun of made fun of
negative,man handled man handled man handled man handled man handled
negative,manipulated manipulated manipulated manipulated manipulated
negative,masochistic masochistic masochistic masochistic masochistic
negative,messed up messed up messed up messed up messed up
negative,messed with messed with messed with messed with messed with
negative,messy messy messy messy messy
negative,miffed miffed miffed miffed miffed
negative,miserable miserable miserable miserable miserable
negative,misled misled misled misled misled
negative,mistaken mistaken mistaken mistaken mistaken
negative,mistreated mistreated mistreated mistreated mistreated
negative,mistrusted mistrusted mistrusted mistrusted mistrusted
negative,misunderstood misunderstood misunderstood misunderstood misunderstood
negative,mixed-up mixed-up mixed-up mixed-up mixed-up
negative,mocked mocked mocked mocked mocked
negative,molested molested molested molested molested
negative,moody moody moody moody moody
negative,must die must die must die must die must die
negative,must have ie must have ie must have ie must have ie must have ie
negative,mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious mysterious
negative,nagged nagged nagged nagged nagged
negative,nasty nasty nasty nasty nasty
negative,naughty naughty naughty naughty naughty
negative,needy needy needy needy needy
negative,negative negative negative negative negative
negative,nervous nervous nervous nervous nervous
negative,neurotic neurotic neurotic neurotic neurotic
negative,no more no more no more no more no more
negative,nobody spoke nobody spoke nobody spoke nobody spoke nobody spoke
negative,noise noise noise noise noise
negative,nonconforming nonconforming nonconforming nonconforming nonconforming
negative,not as good not as good not as good not as good not as good
negative,not impressed not impressed not impressed not impressed not impressed
negative,not reliable not reliable not reliable not reliable not reliable
negative,not that good not that good not that good not that good not that good
negative,not working not working not working not working not working
negative,nothing is nothing is nothing is nothing is nothing is
negative,numb numb numb numb numb
negative,nuts nuts nuts nuts nuts
negative,nutty nutty nutty nutty nutty
negative,objectified objectified objectified objectified objectified
negative,obligated obligated obligated obligated obligated
negative,obnoxious obnoxious obnoxious obnoxious obnoxious
negative,obsessed obsessed obsessed obsessed obsessed
negative,obsessive obsessive obsessive obsessive obsessive
negative,obstructed obstructed obstructed obstructed obstructed
negative,odd odd odd odd odd
negative,offended offended offended offended offended
negative,on display on display on display on display on display
negative,only works in safari only works in safari only works in safari only works in safari only works in safari
negative,opposed opposed opposed opposed opposed
negative,oppressed oppressed oppressed oppressed oppressed
negative,out of place out of place out of place out of place out of place
negative,out of touch out of touch out of touch out of touch out of touch
negative,outrageous outrageous outrageous outrageous outrageous
negative,over-controlled over-controlled over-controlled over-controlled over-controlled
negative,over-protected over-protected over-protected over-protected over-protected
negative,overwhelmed overwhelmed overwhelmed overwhelmed overwhelmed
negative,pain pain pain pain pain
negative,painful painful painful painful painful
negative,panic panic panic panic panic
negative,panicky panicky panicky panicky panicky
negative,paranoid paranoid paranoid paranoid paranoid
negative,passive passive passive passive passive
negative,pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic pathetic
negative,pessimistic pessimistic pessimistic pessimistic pessimistic
negative,pet peeve pet peeve pet peeve pet peeve pet peeve
negative,pet peeves pet peeves pet peeves pet peeves pet peeves
negative,petrified petrified petrified petrified petrified
negative,phony phony phony phony phony
negative,picked on picked on picked on picked on picked on
negative,pissed pissed pissed pissed pissed
negative,pissed off pissed off pissed off pissed off pissed off
negative,plain plain plain plain plain
negative,played with played with played with played with played with
negative,pooped pooped pooped pooped pooped
negative,poor poor poor poor poor
negative,poorly poorly poorly poorly poorly
negative,pos pos pos pos pos
negative,powerless powerless powerless powerless powerless
negative,pre-judged pre-judged pre-judged pre-judged pre-judged
negative,preached to preached to preached to preached to preached to
negative,predjudiced predjudiced predjudiced predjudiced predjudiced
negative,preoccupied preoccupied preoccupied preoccupied preoccupied
negative,pressured pressured pressured pressured pressured
negative,problems problems problems problems problems
negative,prosecuted prosecuted prosecuted prosecuted prosecuted
negative,provoked provoked provoked provoked provoked
negative,psychopathic psychopathic psychopathic psychopathic psychopathic
negative,psychotic psychotic psychotic psychotic psychotic
negative,pulled apart pulled apart pulled apart pulled apart pulled apart
negative,pulled back pulled back pulled back pulled back pulled back
negative,punished punished punished punished punished
negative,pushed pushed pushed pushed pushed
negative,pushed away pushed away pushed away pushed away pushed away
negative,put down put down put down put down put down
negative,puzzled puzzled puzzled puzzled puzzled
negative,pw pw pw pw pw
negative,pwnd pwnd pwnd pwnd pwnd
negative,pwning pwning pwning pwning pwning
negative,pwns pwns pwns pwns pwns
negative,quarrelsome quarrelsome quarrelsome quarrelsome quarrelsome
negative,queer queer queer queer queer
negative,questioned questioned questioned questioned questioned
negative,quiet quiet quiet quiet quiet
negative,rage rage rage rage rage
negative,rape rape rape rape rape
negative,raped raped raped raped raped
negative,rattled rattled rattled rattled rattled
negative,reactionist reactionist reactionist reactionist reactionist
negative,regret regret regret regret regret
negative,rejected rejected rejected rejected rejected
negative,repulsive repulsive repulsive repulsive repulsive
negative,resented resented resented resented resented
negative,resentful resentful resentful resentful resentful
negative,responsible responsible responsible responsible responsible
negative,retarded retarded retarded retarded retarded
negative,revengeful revengeful revengeful revengeful revengeful
negative,ridiculed ridiculed ridiculed ridiculed ridiculed
negative,ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous ridiculous
negative,robbed robbed robbed robbed robbed
negative,rotten rotten rotten rotten rotten
negative,sad sad sad sad sad
negative,sad news sad news sad news sad news sad news
negative,sadistic sadistic sadistic sadistic sadistic
negative,sarcastic sarcastic sarcastic sarcastic sarcastic
negative,scared scared scared scared scared
negative,scarred scarred scarred scarred scarred
negative,scary scary scary scary scary
negative,screwed screwed screwed screwed screwed
negative,screwed over screwed over screwed over screwed over screwed over
negative,screwed up screwed up screwed up screwed up screwed up
negative,self-centered self-centered self-centered self-centered self-centered
negative,self-conscious self-conscious self-conscious self-conscious self-conscious
negative,self-deprecating self-deprecating self-deprecating self-deprecating self-deprecating
negative,self-destructive self-destructive self-destructive self-destructive self-destructive
negative,self-hatred self-hatred self-hatred self-hatred self-hatred
negative,selfish selfish selfish selfish selfish
negative,sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive sensitive
negative,shouted at shouted at shouted at shouted at shouted at
negative,shy shy shy shy shy
negative,singled-out singled-out singled-out singled-out singled-out
negative,slow slow slow slow slow
negative,small small small small small
negative,smartass smartass smartass smartass smartass
negative,smear smear smear smear smear
negative,smothered smothered smothered smothered smothered
negative,snapped at snapped at snapped at snapped at snapped at
negative,snooty snooty snooty snooty snooty
negative,so terrible so terrible so terrible so terrible so terrible
negative,socialist socialist socialist socialist socialist
negative,sore sore sore sore sore
negative,spiteful spiteful spiteful spiteful spiteful
negative,stereotyped stereotyped stereotyped stereotyped stereotyped
negative,sting sting sting sting sting
negative,stomach it stomach it stomach it stomach it stomach it
negative,strange strange strange strange strange
negative,stressed stressed stressed stressed stressed
negative,stretched stretched stretched stretched stretched
negative,stuck stuck stuck stuck stuck
negative,stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid
negative,submissive submissive submissive submissive submissive
negative,suck suck suck suck suck
negative,sucks sucks sucks sucks sucks
negative,suffering suffering suffering suffering suffering
negative,suffocated suffocated suffocated suffocated suffocated
negative,suicidal suicidal suicidal suicidal suicidal
negative,superficial superficial superficial superficial superficial
negative,suppressed suppressed suppressed suppressed suppressed
negative,suspicious suspicious suspicious suspicious suspicious
negative,tense tense tense tense tense
negative,terrible terrible terrible terrible terrible
negative,testy testy testy testy testy
negative,thanks thanks thanks thanks thanks
negative,the worst the worst the worst the worst the worst
negative,thoughtless thoughtless thoughtless thoughtless thoughtless
negative,tired tired tired tired tired
negative,too bad too bad too bad too bad too bad
negative,too slow too slow too slow too slow too slow
negative,trouble trouble trouble trouble trouble
negative,troubled troubled troubled troubled troubled
negative,ugly ugly ugly ugly ugly
negative,unusable unusable unusable unusable unusable
negative,upset upset upset upset upset
negative,uptight uptight uptight uptight uptight
negative,weary weary weary weary weary
negative,wicked wicked wicked wicked wicked
negative,won't won't won't won't won't
negative,wont wont wont wont wont
negative,worried worried worried worried worried
negative,worst worst worst worst worst
negative,wrong wrong wrong wrong wrong
negative,wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf
negative,yell yell yell yell yell
